----
Twilight Sparkle: Ommmmm... Ohhhhhhh mmmmy goodness, I can't handle this! Ooh! Nothing is working! I just have to get it together! Just go in there! And ask! This is your Friendship Festival! Everypony's happiness rests in your hooves. Ohhhh!
Spike: Okay, Twilight. Got all your charts and graphs.
Twilight Sparkle: Oh, thank goodness you're here, Spike! I'm just so nervous about this meeting!
Spike: Whachoo talkin' 'bout?
Twilight Sparkle: I'm about to ask the three most royal princesses of Equestria for a huge favor! What if they reject me?
Spike: It'll be fine. Just remember the most important thing.
Twilight Sparkle: Smile?!
Spike: Eh... no. You're a Princess, too.
Twilight Sparkle: Right! Good morning, Princesses. Thank you all for seeing me. I have an idea that I think will make our Friendship Festival the most wonderful celebration Equestria has ever seen!
Princess Celestia: Yes, Twilight! We are very excited!
Princess Cadance: Ponies have been arriving from all over all morning.
----
Twilight Sparkle: Yes, she is the... "mane" event! And to make it extra special, I could use your help. Spike?
Twilight Sparkle: Songbird Serenade's performance is not scheduled to start until after you begin the sunset. And based on my precise calculation, to get the very best lighting for the stage, Princess Celestia, I was hoping you could make sure the sun stays about 28.1º to the south, and, Princess Luna, if you could raise the moon 62º to the north at the same time, it would reflect the sunlight on the other side and really frame the entire stage perfectly!
Princess Luna: I...
Twilight Sparkle: But wait! There's more! Cadance, if you could use your crystal magic to create an aurora above the stage, the sun and the moon will shine through it and create a truly amazing light show!
Spike: Presenting Songbird Serenade!
Spike: Ta-da...
----
Twilight Sparkle: Well, I'd do it myself, except I don't have your magic.
Princess Celestia: Twilight, each of us uses our powers to serve Equestria in our own way. You are the Princess of Friendship. You already have all the magic you need.
Twilight Sparkle: So... that'd be a no?
Rainbow Dash: Yes!
Rainbow Dash: Sky's cleared and ready for the festival!
----
Twilight Sparkle: Okay, just two hundred and eighteen things left to do and we're ready.
Rarity: Hello, Spike.
Spike: Uh, hi, Rarity. Heh heh.
----
Twilight Sparkle: Not exactly. They think I can make today perfect without their magic.
Rarity: And they are absolutely right, darling. This festival is your brilliant idea and we know you're up to the task!
Twilight Sparkle: But what if I'm not?! What if Songbird Serenade hates the stage?! Or nopony makes a new friend?! And if I fail at the festival, then who am I?!
Pinkie Pie: Twilight, look at me! This will be the biggest celebration Equestria has ever seen! As the Princess of Friendship, you cannot fail! This day will define who you are! The pressure is intense! It's almost too much for any single pony to handle!
Pinkie Pie: But you have us! So stop worrying.
Twilight Sparkle: Ah!
Twilight Sparkle: Pinkie!
Pinkie Pie: Oopsie! Guess my easy bake confetti cake cannon needs a little bit more fine tuning!
Twilight Sparkle: Hmmm...
Twilight Sparkle: Ms. Songbird Serenade? Um, I was just going to check on you. I'm Princess Twilight, and sorry about the mess. I'm usually not so...
Twilight Sparkle: Heh heh.
Twilight Sparkle: Storm clouds? I ordered perfect weather! Rainbow Dash?!
Rainbow Dash: Uh... I... don't think those are storm clouds.
Pinkie Pie: Ooh! I bet those are the clowns I ordered!
----
Twilight Sparkle: Is that a... unicorn?
Spike: I think so, but what happened to her horn?
Princess Celestia: "Tempest" is it? How may we help you?
Twilight Sparkle: Hi there. Princess of Friendship. Not exactly sure what's going on, but I know we can talk things out.
Princess Luna: And why should we cower before you? There's one of you and hundreds of us.
Princess Celestia: Cadance!
----
Twilight Sparkle: Luna!
Rainbow Dash: Twilight!
Applejack: Over here, y'all!
Twilight Sparkle: Come on!
Applejack: Everypony okay?
Rarity: I think my bottom's on backward.
----
Twilight Sparkle: The Queen.
Pinkie Pie: Yeah, the Queen! Uh, what queen?
Twilight Sparkle: Celestia told Luna to find the Queen of the... "Hippos". Luna can't, so I have to.
Rainbow Dash: Uh, hippos? Seriously?
Pinkie Pie: I've heard they're surprisingly graceful for their size. Huh, but they're always hungry.
----
Twilight Sparkle: They're somewhere south, past the Badlands.
Fluttershy: That means we'll have to... leave Equestria. Oh!
Rarity: I'm not even packed!
Twilight Sparkle: I understand you're scared, and nopony else has to go. But I have to find this queen. She might be our only hope.
Rainbow Dash: Well, you're not getting all the glory. We're in this together.
Applejack: We got your back.
----
Twilight Sparkle: Hmm? A road? Where there's a road, there's a...
Spike: Whoa!
Rainbow Dash: Cool!
----
Twilight Sparkle: Hi there! Ooh, I'm sorry. Here. Lemme help you with that.
Twilight Sparkle: Okay. We just gotta stick together. Be careful who you talk to. And try to blend in.
Pinkie Pie: Can I have your attention please?!
Pinkie Pie: Can anypony take us to the Queen of the Hippos?!
----
Twilight Sparkle: Pinkie, you can't just take off! And you don't need to announce to every...
Pinkie Pie: Relax, Twilight! I totally got this!
Spike: Who you callin' a gecko?
Twilight Sparkle: Uh, Spike isn't for sale.
Rarity: Two storm bucks?! It's worth more than that!
Twilight Sparkle: Heh?
Applejack: Now, you listen here, fella, there ain't—
Rainbow Dash: You are awesome!
----
Twilight Sparkle: I don't know if we should trust him.
Pinkie Pie: We could definitely use a friend out here!
Rarity: Ooh! A sort of a roco-hobo-Bohemian hodgepodge.
----
Twilight Sparkle: Huh?
Rainbow Dash: I'll show ya!
Rarity: Here you go. I do apologize. If we were back home, I could've done something truly fabulous.
----
Twilight Sparkle: Guys! We've been looking for the wrong queen! We don't need the Queen of the Hippos! We need the Queen of the Hippogriffs! Part pony, part eagle!
Twilight Sparkle: Says here they're on the top of Mount Aris!
Pinkie Pie: You mean the mountain right outside the window?
Twilight Sparkle: Let's go, everypony.
Twilight Sparkle: I think we can get there on our own.
Rarity: You were... You were going to sell us?
Twilight Sparkle: I knew it! We gotta get outta here!
Twilight Sparkle: Tempest!
Twilight Sparkle: Go! Go!
Applejack: I'm... gonna... be... sick!
Twilight Sparkle: We have to get there! To the docks! Hurry!
Applejack: That's it.
Applejack: Don't look down now!
----
Twilight Sparkle: Pinkie!
Pinkie Pie: Best... escape... plan... ever!
Twilight Sparkle: WHAT?! Thwa!
Spike: Shh!
Rarity: Rats?
----
Twilight Sparkle: Last time we trusted somepony, he tried to sell us!
Twilight Sparkle: What?
Rainbow Dash: Whoa, whoa, whoa! So you were about to toss us overboard and you stopped for a lunch break?
Spike: So you're delivery guys?
Twilight Sparkle: Then can you deliver us to Mount Aris?
Twilight Sparkle: Right. Still going overboard.
Rarity: There's pudding?
Rarity: Oh.
----
Twilight Sparkle: Rainbow Dash, this really isn't a good time for a—
Twilight Sparkle: —song.
Rainbow Dash: Awesome! I knew you had it in ya! And now for the finishing touch!
Pinkie Pie: Rainboom! Rainboom! Rainboom! Rainboom!
Twilight Sparkle: No no no no no! No!
Rainbow Dash: Aw, yeah!
Twilight Sparkle: Ohhh!
Rainbow Dash: Nice!
Twilight Sparkle: Tempest!
Fluttershy: Oh my goodness!
Rainbow Dash: Ya think she saw my sonic rainboom?
Twilight Sparkle: Are you kidding me?!
Spike: Whoa!
Twilight Sparkle: We have to get off this ship before they tell Tempest we're here!
Rainbow Dash: We helped them get their mojo back! They're not gonna give us up!
Pinkie Pie: Whoa!
Twilight Sparkle: I've got this!
Twilight Sparkle: Hold this!
Rainbow Dash: What are you doing?!
Rarity: Oh, for Celestia's sake!!!
----
Twilight Sparkle: Yahoo! Ha ha!
Pinkie Pie: That was fun! Can we do it again?
Rainbow Dash: Next stop, Mount Aris!
Twilight Sparkle: We're home free!
Rarity: We had to crash the balloon at the bottom of the mountain! That's it! I simply... cannot... even! I have nothing! The bad guys have won! I'm so sorryyyyyyyy-y-y-y!
Rainbow Dash: We're almost there!
----
Twilight Sparkle: This is it!
Pinkie Pie: Ooh!
Applejack: Well, I'll be. Hippogriffs, here we come!
----
Twilight Sparkle: But... Celestia... The map. They have to be here.
Spike: Something bad happened here. Something that turned this whole place into a ghost town.
Fluttershy: A g-g-g-g-ghost town?!
Twilight Sparkle: It's coming from over there!
Pinkie Pie: Hey! Wait up! Cannonball!
Twilight Sparkle: Pinkie!
Pinkie Pie: She's gone!
Twilight Sparkle: Now what?
Pinkie Pie: Huh?
Rarity: Oh, boy. I hate epic adventures.
----
Twilight Sparkle: I didn't make these bubbles!
Fluttershy: Then who did?
Twilight Sparkle: Hello? We're looking for the Hippogriffs.
Twilight Sparkle: Please. The Storm King invaded our land. And we need their help.
Twilight Sparkle: Does your mother know where they are?
Twilight Sparkle: Hoo-hoo!
Twilight Sparkle: We need to find the Hippogriffs. Do you know what happened to them?
Applejack: Hold on now. Lemme get this straight. When the Storm King came, you just abandoned your entire city and fled?
Twilight Sparkle: But... how?
Twilight Sparkle: Oh!
Fluttershy: Ooh! Oh!
Applejack: Oh. Wa-wa-whoa!
----
Twilight Sparkle: This is amazing! With this, we could transform everypony at home into something powerful enough to face the Storm King's army!
Twilight Sparkle: But...
Twilight Sparkle: But we've come all this way. And you can't just hide down here! Trapped forever! There's so much you're missing!
Applejack: So that's it? We left home for nothin'?
Rarity: Ooh, ooh...
----
Twilight Sparkle: Oh, no. No no. Pinkie's right.
Rainbow Dash: Say what now?
Twilight Sparkle: Well, we still need to come up with a plan to get back. A few minutes won't make a huge difference. And if there's anypony who can cram a lifetime of fun into a blink of an eye, it's Pinkie Pie!
Twilight Sparkle: So, go ahead and show Skystar the best time ever!
Pinkie Pie: I won't let you down!
Twilight Sparkle: I'm counting on it.
Pinkie Pie: Ahhh!
Twilight Sparkle: Ow!
Twilight Sparkle: No! Please!
Applejack: What were you thinkin'? I mean, stealin' their pearl?
Twilight Sparkle: It was the only way to save Equestria.
Pinkie Pie: 'Cept it wasn't! The Queen was going to say yes! We did what you told us and that's what made her realize we were ponies worth saving! Unless... You didn't really want us to show her the best time ever! You just wanted us to distract her!
Twilight Sparkle: I never would have done it, but this isn't Equestria! We can't just dance around with con artists, make rainbooms in the sky and expect everything to work out! It's not enough! We are not enough!
Pinkie Pie: No, Twilight! We stuck together! We were gonna get the help we needed! The only thing that stopped us... was you!
Twilight Sparkle: Well, I'm doing the best I can! It's all on me. I'm the one Tempest wants. I'm the last Princess!
Pinkie Pie: You're also the only one who doesn't trust her friends!
Twilight Sparkle: Well, maybe, I would've been better off without friends like YOU!
Twilight Sparkle: Pinkie, I-
Pinkie Pie: I just can't talk to you right now.
Spike: Twilight? It's okay. You'll figure it out.
Twilight Sparkle: No! I can't. I ruined everything! There's no chance to save Equestria now. It's all my fault! Spike?
Spike: Twilight, look out!
Twilight Sparkle: No, no, no, no, no! Noooooo!
Spike: Twilight, help me!
Twilight Sparkle: Spiiiiiike!!!
Spike: Twiliiiiiight!!!
Twilight Sparkle: Why are you doing this? You're a pony! Just like me.
Twilight Sparkle: I'm so sorry you felt so alone.
Twilight Sparkle: Friendship didn't fail me. I failed friendship.
Fluttershy: This whole journey was such a mistake. All we wanted was somepony to help us.
Applejack: Ya think, maybe it's time we talk to Twilight?
----
Twilight Sparkle: Tempest, don't do this. Don't give the Storm King—
Twilight Sparkle: I'm the Princess of Friendship!
Twilight Sparkle: No!
Applejack: Pinkie, quit lookin' so happy! Ya ain't foolin' nopony!
Pinkie Pie: Oh! Okay!
----
Twilight Sparkle: It's... It's the Magic of...
Rainbow Dash: You'd have to be flying faster than a speeding Pegasus to break through that wind!
Pinkie Pie: Excellent idea, Rainbow Dash!
Twilight Sparkle: Hold on!
Twilight Sparkle: Because this is what friends do.
Pinkie Pie: Just do it! Thank you! I'm excited! Who's excited?! Aaah! I've never been so excited!
Pinkie Pie: Whee!
----
Twilight Sparkle: Pinkie! You all came back! I'm so sorry! I was wrong to—
Pinkie Pie: I'm sorry, too. Friends mess up sometimes, but we never should've—
Rainbow Dash: Uh, make up later! This isn't over!
Twilight Sparkle: I've gotta get control of it!
Pinkie Pie: Go! You've got this, Twilight!
Twilight Sparkle: No. We've got this. Together.
Pinkie Pie: Whee!
Applejack: Whoa!
Twilight Sparkle: No!
Pinkie Pie: Twilight! Nooooooooooo!!!
Pinkie Pie: Yay!
----
Twilight Sparkle: I can.
Fluttershy: Now what?
Princess Celestia: Twilight!
Twilight Sparkle: Princesses! Oh!
Spike: Fillies and gentlecolts, get ready for a little...
Spike: Songbird Serenade!
----
Twilight Sparkle: Well, I hope you'll stay. More friends are definitely merrier.
Twilight Sparkle: You know, your horn is pretty powerful, just like the pony it belongs to.
Pinkie Pie: Nice touch, Tempest!
Pinkie Pie: Oooh! What is it?!
----
Twilight Sparkle: So everypony got an urgent summons to the castle with no explanation?
Pinkie Pie: Yup! I just love a good mysterious summons. What's it about? Do you think it's a surprise party? Hey! Why are we running?
Twilight Sparkle: Because something could be terribly wrong! Somepony turned bad? Another evil creature back for revenge?!
Applejack: Don't you think you're bein' a little paranoid?
Twilight Sparkle: Why else would the Princesses send scrolls in such a hurry?
Rarity: Good point. They know better than to make us worry.
Pinkie Pie: Plus, I like it when you run so fast, the walls get all blurry! Wheeee!
----
Twilight Sparkle: What's wrong?! What can we do?!
Princess Luna: That's just it. Nothing's wrong! Everything's perfect!
Applejack: Did y'all call us down here just to tell us that?
----
Twilight Sparkle: Thank you!
Princess Luna: Because of your efforts, there's been less and less for us to do.
Princess Celestia: So, after much consideration, my sister and I have decided it is time for us... to retire!
Twilight Sparkle: You're retiring?!
Spike: Princesses can retire?
Princess Luna: Of course we can. I for one am looking forward to a little R&R. Maybe a trip to Silver Shoals.
Twilight Sparkle: And you want me to take your place?!
Princess Luna: With the help of your friends, of course!
Princess Celestia: We can't think of anypony more worthy. Over the years, we've watched you grow. You've faced task after task...
----
Twilight Sparkle: Thank you, but that doesn't mean that I'm— that we're ready to do what you do!
Princess Celestia: Oh, of course you are. I realize this is a lot to take in, but—
Rainbow Dash: Nope! Makes perfect sense. We're awesome! Does this mean we get all your powers?! Ooh, ooh! I call dibs on showing up in everypony's dreams!
Twilight Sparkle: You can't be ready to step into their horseshoes just like that!
Applejack: Well, if the princesses think it's time to retire, we're not a bad choice. We always have Equestria's best interests at heart.
Twilight Sparkle: That's a fair point... which should be taken into consideration when we have a round table discussion—
Rarity: Well, I'm in! Darlings, we'll all need a complete wardrobe update! And I would love to pick your brain about mane maintenance when you have a moment.
Fluttershy: As long as we all have each other, I'm sure we can do it!
----
Twilight Sparkle: If you're all on board, I guess I am, too.
Twilight Sparkle: It'll be a bit of an adjustment, but I imagine the transfer of power will be a lengthy process, which will—
Princess Celestia: Actually, we just need a few days to put together a little ceremony.
Twilight Sparkle: A few days?!
Twilight Sparkle: But that's so soon! Shouldn't there be some sort of training program that lasts weeks? No, months? If not years?!
Princess Celestia: Everything you've gone through over the years has been a training program.
Twilight Sparkle: Okay, but there's gotta be a guide or a rulebook!
Princess Luna: The friendship journal you wrote yourselves is a better guide than any we could provide.
Princess Celestia: We have the utmost confidence in you.
----
Twilight Sparkle: I am not confident about this at all!
Twilight Sparkle: It's just... I know I said yes, but then they said "in a few days", and there's still so much to figure out! It's all happening so fast! I think I need some— Okay! I'll feel much better—
Rarity: —once you make a plan?
Twilight Sparkle: Oh, wow. It's like you—
Spike: —knew you were going to react this way? We did.
Pinkie Pie: Classic "Twilight-ing".
Twilight Sparkle: "Twilight-ing"? You... You made me a verb?
Applejack: It's not a bad thing. We just know you have a... process.
Rainbow Dash: Stage one – you get big news and you're like "Nooooo!", but then you pace, and you chart, you worry...
----
Twilight Sparkle: You're all acting so calm! But this is a big deal! What do we do if something big happens and the princesses aren't there to help?!
Rainbow Dash: Um, if you think about it, they literally almost never help.
Applejack: Huh.
----
Twilight Sparkle: Phew!
Starlight Glimmer: Twi! You in here? With the school closed for the summer, I didn't think anypony would be here—
Twilight Sparkle: So much to do, not enough time! No! I already did that! Wait, no, I didn't! Uggggh, not enough time!
Spike: Help! She's spiraling! We're at the "my plan needs a plan" stage of a total Twilight meltdown!
Starlight Glimmer: Oh, got it. Twilight?
Twilight Sparkle: Did I write down "eliminate redundant lists" on my School of Friendship to-do list or my personal to-do list?
Starlight Glimmer: Twilight!
Twilight Sparkle: Gah! Starlight! Oh, good, you're here! I need to talk to you.
Starlight Glimmer: Okay...
Twilight Sparkle: Hang on, I had "talk to Starlight" written down on one of these. Just let me find it so I can cross it off!
Starlight Glimmer: Wow, you are "Twilight-ing" hard.
Twilight Sparkle: You say "Twilight-ing", too? Well excuuuuse me! This is the first time I've ever been asked to run a whole kingdom!
Starlight Glimmer: Uh, you're right, you're right. So, what did you want to talk to me about?
Twilight Sparkle: Ah, here it is! I wrote it down. Starlight, you have blossomed into one of the strongest, smartest, most caring ponies I know, and I can't think of anypony better to leave in charge of my castle and the School of Friendship! So what do you think?
Starlight Glimmer: What?! You want me to take care of the castle and run the school?!
Twilight Sparkle: Yes?
Starlight Glimmer: Uh... I can't! I'm not ready! Remember what happened the last time you left me in charge?! And now you want me to do it permanently?! What if I don't do the right things?! What if—?!
Twilight Sparkle: Starlight, get a hold of yourself! You've risen to every challenge you've ever faced. You can do anything you put your mind to. You've got this.
Starlight Glimmer: Hah! And so do you. See what I did there? You just said everything you need to hear.
Twilight Sparkle: Nice try. But running a school and running a country are two very different things. Now, if you don't mind I have seven thousand, four hundred, and thirty-two things to take care of before I become the new ruler of Equestria!
Spike: It was a valiant effort.
Princess Cadance: Hurry, Twilight! We need you!
----
Twilight Sparkle: Thanks for coming so quickly—
Twilight Sparkle: That's exactly what it says!
Rarity: But... But how is that possible?! I thought the Crystal Heart had dispelled him into the ether!
Twilight Sparkle: I have no idea! But he's back, and it's up to us to save the Empire and my family!
Fluttershy: Shouldn't somepony tell Celestia and Luna?
Twilight Sparkle: No. If we're going to run Equestria, we'll need to handle things like this on our own.
Twilight Sparkle: Maybe? Unless you'd consider taking care of Sombra for us?
Applejack: Handlin' things on our own is all well and good, but last time we defeated Sombra with the Crystal Heart.
Spike: What if he has it already? How are we gonna stop him?
Twilight Sparkle: With the Elements of Harmony! With those, we can defeat anypony! Even Sombra!
Twilight Sparkle: My family is in danger. I'm not taking any chances.
Rainbow Dash: She's got a point.
Pinkie Pie: What's his problem?
Twilight Sparkle: Starlight, can you stay here and-
Starlight Glimmer: -take care of the school? I've got you covered.
Princess Cadance: It might not, but they will!
----
Twilight Sparkle: Oh...
Princess Celestia: Oh, Twilight. How disappointing.
Princess Luna: Equestria was in your care, and you let it be destroyed!
Twilight Sparkle: We didn't need to defeat them. We just needed to face them long enough to distract you!
Spike: Yeah! Whoo-hoo-hoo!
Rainbow Dash: We totally just wiped the castle with that guy!
----
Twilight Sparkle: We did handle this pretty well. On our own.
Spike: Does this mean...?
Twilight Sparkle: I still don't feel like I'm one hundred percent ready, but will I ever?
Applejack: Knowing you? Nope.
Twilight Sparkle: I have you guys, and we have the Elements. And together, we've never failed. We'll be okay.
Twilight Sparkle: Once again, Equestria is safe.
Fluttershy: What should we do to celebrate?
Pinkie Pie: I vote for a cakewalk!
----
Twilight Sparkle: I don't know!
Princess Celestia: It is time for us... to retire!
Twilight Sparkle: And you want me to take your place?!
Princess Celestia: With the help of your friends, of course.
Spike: How are we gonna stop him?
Twilight Sparkle: With the Elements of Harmony! With those, we can defeat anypony!
Rainbow Dash: What. Just. Happened?!
Fluttershy: The Tree of Harmony can't really be gone, can it?!
Twilight Sparkle: It can't be!
Twilight Sparkle: He's right... With the Elements gone, I don't know how we can defeat him!
Rainbow Dash: Then we'll just have to beat him the old-fashioned way!
Twilight Sparkle: No!
Applejack: Don't you dare say it!
Rarity: You leave Ponyville alone!
----
Twilight Sparkle: I don't know! The Tree of Harmony grew the Elements! It kept the Everfree Forest under control! And now it's gone. Sombra will take over Equestria, and it's all my fault! I knew I wasn't ready to take the princesses' place, but I never thought I'd mess up this badly!
Pinkie Pie: What are you looking at me for?
Rainbow Dash: This is usually when you say something funny to lift our spirits.
----
Twilight Sparkle: We can't just stay here. I don't have a plan, and I don't know what I'm gonna do once we get out. But we can't sit here and let Sombra make slaves of everypony we love!
Rainbow Dash: Let me help! I'm faster!
Pinkie Pie: I like digging!
----
Twilight Sparkle: I... I can't! Without the Elements, my magic isn't strong enough to stop Sombra's! Spike! Spike, where are you going? Starlight?
Starlight Glimmer: We must lay siege to Canterlot.
Twilight Sparkle: No! Snap out of it, you two! You're stronger than his magic!
Rarity: Sweetie Belle, please stop! I can't get her to stop! I can't get her—!
Twilight Sparkle: None of us can. We can't reach them!
Pinkie Pie: He made them bake a black licorice fruitcake that says "Congratulations to Our Favorite Supreme Emperor King Sombra" in green frosting! It's the ugliest cake I've ever seen!
Rainbow Dash: Twilight, this is bad! Like, really bad!
----
Twilight Sparkle: I don't know what to do! I don't know how to free them, but I don't know how to stop Sombra! Everypony was so sure I'd do such a great job! Well, this is exactly what I was afraid of! Could anything else possibly go wrong?!
Pinkie Pie: Well... With the Tree of Harmony gone, the Everfree Forest could grow out of control and threaten the town!
Rarity: Darling, that's oddly specific.
Twilight Sparkle: Even if we figure out how to defeat Sombra and bring everypony back to Ponyville, if we don't stop the forest, there won't be a Ponyville to come back to!
Rainbow Dash: Ahem.
Fluttershy: For our friends!
Twilight Sparkle: For Equestria!
Fluttershy: Come on, everypony!
Applejack: We've been at this for hours, but it's just growin' back too fast!
Twilight Sparkle: We have to keep trying!
Applejack: I know we're supposed to be able to handle things on our own, but I've never been happier to see two ponies in my whole life!
Twilight Sparkle: Star Swirl! The Tree of Harmony, it's—!
Twilight Sparkle: I know what you mean. I'm sorry.
Twilight Sparkle: You can do that?
Rainbow Dash: Aw, yeah! Go get 'em, beardy!
Twilight Sparkle: Sombra's back, and he's taken control of all of our friends!
Princess Luna: We've left Canterlot defenseless!
Princess Celestia: Twilight, you must go! Defend Equestria, and we shall contain the forest.
----
Twilight Sparkle: I don't know! I'm not prepared to fight against the citizens of Equestria! I guess that's one more thing I'm not ready to do...
Applejack: Well, we'd better figure out somethin' quick, because none of them seem to have a problem with it!
Rarity: Oh, sorry about this, Fancy Pants!
----
Twilight Sparkle: I don't know, but we can't stay here!
Twilight Sparkle: I'm sorry we couldn't help our friends, but I didn't know what else to do.
Applejack: At least we're inside.
Pinkie Pie: Yeah! All we have to do now is defeat King Sombra!
Twilight Sparkle: I... We...
Twilight Sparkle: Discord! What are you doing here?!
Twilight Sparkle: I'm so glad to see you! We could really use some all-powerful Lord of Chaos help right now!
Pinkie Pie: Oh, poodles!
Twilight Sparkle: Discord, please!
Rainbow Dash: A little less talking and a little more helping?!
Fluttershy: Thank you, Discord!
Twilight Sparkle: I don't know what we'd do without you!
Rainbow Dash: Okay, "King" Sombra! Time to give up the crown!
Fluttershy: Discord!
----
Twilight Sparkle: We need you!
Fluttershy: Oh, please wake up, please wake up... Discord!
Twilight Sparkle: I'm so glad you're okay! We can't beat him without you!
Applejack: That's it, then? We're doomed?
Twilight Sparkle: Discord's right. We've proven time and time again that the real magic is the six of us working together! With these girls by my side, I'm not afraid of you! I'm not afraid of what you can do or how much power you have!
Twilight Sparkle: You may knock us down, but we're gonna get back up again!
Twilight Sparkle: And again!
Twilight Sparkle: And again! As long as we're together, we will never stop trying to defeat you!
Fluttershy: For our friends!
Twilight Sparkle: For Equestria!
Twilight Sparkle: You can't destroy our friendship, Sombra!
Rainbow Dash: And we keep telling bad guys.
Applejack: But y'all just don't seem to remember.
----
Twilight Sparkle: Celestia! Luna! I know what you're going to say. I should have called on you as soon as I knew how dangerous it was. A good leader knows when to ask for help, and I didn't. And because of me, the Tree of Harmony was destroyed. Equestria deserves somepony much better than me as its leader.
Princess Celestia: You're right.
Princess Celestia: About one thing. A good leader knows when to ask for help, but a great leader has the courage to admit when they've made a mistake and the strength to make it right. Today, you've proven to me beyond any doubt that you will be a great leader.
Twilight Sparkle: Will be?
Princess Celestia: Luna and I have decided it may have been a bit unfair to thrust this upon you without giving you the time you need to prepare.
Twilight Sparkle: Thank goodness! I really wasn't ready!
Princess Celestia: It will. But when she's ready.
Rarity: Ugh! So he could have ended the whole Sombra thing whenever he wanted?
----
Twilight Sparkle: We are pretty incredible together. And we would do anything for Equestria. I guess I know, when the time comes, as long as we're together, we probably—
Twilight Sparkle: We definitely got this.
Rainbow Dash: Congratulations, Silverstream! You're officially the first non-Pegasus Wonderbolt!
Rainbow Dash: Easy! You're kicking off our show right now! So get up there and make me proud!
----
Twilight Sparkle: Spike! I have horrible news!
Spike: What's wrong? Is the Crystal Empire under attack again?!
Twilight Sparkle: What? No! We only have twenty highlighters! And they're all orange! How will everycreature color-code their notes?!
Spike: I'm pretty sure you're the only one that does that.
Twilight Sparkle: Still, twenty isn't enough for the new school year!
Spike: We got plenty of time to order more. The friendship students won't be back until—
Spike: Uh, now?
Twilight Sparkle: Well, this is a surprise. Why are you all here so early? Did I send out the wrong back-to-school date?!
Twilight Sparkle: But the Tree couldn't have called you. It's gone! Sombra destroyed it!
Spike: Mmmmaybe next time, ease in with those truth bombs.
Twilight Sparkle: Those are gone, too.
Spike: We've got that part under control, and Sombra won't be coming back, so... some good news, right?
Twilight Sparkle: As long as you promise to stick together. The Castle of the Two Sisters isn't the safest place, as you may remember.
Spike: She does have a point.
Twilight Sparkle: Well, as long as you get permission from your kingdoms, I suppose it's all right.
Twilight Sparkle: I felt a burst of magic all the way over at the school! Is everycreature okay?
Twilight Sparkle: Where did this come from?
Spike: It looks like part of the Tree of Harmony. But how? I thought it was destroyed!
Twilight Sparkle: The Tree has always been good at surprises. When Star Swirl planted the Tree's seed, he didn't even know what it would grow into. I guess the Tree is still alive, changing and adapting to be whatever Equestria needs.
Twilight Sparkle: Something tells me this is more than that. It seems the Elements of Harmony may still be with us in their own way.
Spike: That's actually really reassuring.
Twilight Sparkle: I'm not sure. If I had to guess, I'd say your friendship is more powerful than you know.
Spike: So, who's gonna give us the tour?
Twilight Sparkle: Why don't we all go in together?
Spike: Twilight! Look at this scroll I just got!
Twilight Sparkle: Do you know what this means?
Spike: Uh-huh!
Starlight Glimmer: Uh, I don't. What's so exciting about a toy crown?
----
Twilight Sparkle: When Shining Armor and I were small, we competed over everything.
Twilight Sparkle: To keep it friendly, our parents gave us gold stars every time we did something special. Sharing... getting good grades... even telling a really funny joke. And at the end of each week, we'd add up the stars. The sibling with the most would win the Crown of the Sibling Supreme — and bragging rights — 'til next time.
Starlight Glimmer: Guess that explains your love of charts and so much else.
Spike: I always wanted to be Sibling Supreme one day. "Meet me at Celestia's castle to decide who deserves the crown once and for all."
----
Twilight Sparkle: You're wearing it?!
Twilight Sparkle: Grudge? What grudge? Just because you've had it for way longer than you should have and I never got a chance to win it back!
Princess Celestia: With the return of Sombra, Princess Luna and I felt it was time to reinforce the castle's defenses.
Princess Luna: I said we could do it ourselves, but some ponies are a bit stubborn.
----
Twilight Sparkle: You want me to break into Celestia's castle?
Twilight Sparkle: For-ev-er...
Twilight Sparkle: Deal! Wait. Are you sure this counts? Mom and Dad aren't giving us any stars.
Princess Celestia: I will represent their authority. And thank you, Twilight. Your help will reveal if there are any holes in our security.
Spike: Geese?
Twilight Sparkle: So that's what we're up against.
Applejack: Whew. That's a barrel and a half of obstacles. Plus a bushel and a peck of impenetrability.
Rarity: And all of this to win some fillyhood competition with your brother?
Twilight Sparkle: It's more than that! Okay, it's exactly that. And to protect Celestia's castle!
Fluttershy: If it means that much to you, Twilight, we're in.
Pinkie Pie: I was already in! Come on, who doesn't want to hang with geese?!
----
Twilight Sparkle: We play to our strengths and defeat all of the security measures. That way, if one of us fails, the others will still have a shot at getting the crown. Pinkie, you'll distract the guards with a surprise party.
Pinkie Pie: Yes, sir, Twilight, sir!
Twilight Sparkle: Applejack, you'll buck your way into the sealed tunnels. Rainbow Dash, if anypony can outfly those wind turbines, it's you. Rarity, you'll sew us guard costumes so we can sneak past security. Then Fluttershy will disable the throne room alarm by charming the geese.
Spike: It's from Shining Armor. "Dear Twily, hope your idea isn't just..." Tunnels? He guessed your whole plan!
Twilight Sparkle: What?! Pinkie party, Rarity costumes... "Signed, the future Sibling Supreme"?! Oh, come on!
Rarity: Twilight, darling, nopony knows you better than your own brother.
Twilight Sparkle: So you're saying I should give up?
Rarity: I'm saying your brother will win. No matter how brilliant your plan is, no matter how many variations you try, it will be something your brother expects, and he'll always win! Unless... when the perfect chance comes along, you do something he can't expect. Then you'll win.
Spike: You've been practicing that speech, haven't you?
----
Twilight Sparkle: I didn't know you had an alter ego. And why would she be giving a farewell performance?
Applejack: Well, it's a long story.
Applejack: Back on the farm, playin' music was about makin' her family smile. Word of her talent spread, and soon, Apple Chord was playin' real shows.
----
Twilight Sparkle: Mm-mm. I guess I'm the only one left that still needs a plan.
Rarity: Oh, no, darling. That is the plan. You shall do nothing!
Spike: Shining Armor definitely won't expect that.
----
Twilight Sparkle: Nope. Just looking at the flowers.
Twilight Sparkle: Ooh! Maybe Rarity's plan will work!
Pinkie Pie: Canterlot! We have a problem!
Applejack: I know that one's a crowd favorite. What say we play it one more time? And a one, and a two, and a—
----
Twilight Sparkle: Where's Spike and Fluttershy? Did they make it into the castle?
Pinkie Pie: They jumped out right before the balloon went but that's all I could see without being in space, where I didn't get to go!
Twilight Sparkle: Let's hope Rarity and Rainbow Dash had better luck.
Rarity: What's this? Closed?!
Rarity: Then how are we meant to shake down ne'er-do-wells for information?!
----
Twilight Sparkle: We should have heard by now! Something must have gone wrong!
Pinkie Pie: Probably several somethings.
Twilight Sparkle: No lookout, no distraction, and no word from the ponies inside! I'm starting to think this whole operation might be a giant flop!
Fluttershy: Oh, no!
Spike: Gee, Fluttershy, I thought your whole small spaces thing was just part of the plan to be unexpected.
----
Twilight Sparkle: What are you all doing out here?
Rarity: In retrospect, our plan might have been too unexpected.
Twilight Sparkle: Every part of it failed?! Oh, now I'll never get the crown!
Spike: Maybe we should go back to doing things the Twilight way.
Twilight Sparkle: You mean the totally expected way?
Spike: It may not be a surprise, but you have a pretty good record for planning things.
Twilight Sparkle: Then I guess it's worth a try. Thanks, Spike.
Spike: What are little brothers for?
Twilight Sparkle: Okay! You all know what to do!
Rarity: At least one part of our expected plan worked unexpectedly.
Applejack: I'm strong, Twilight, but not even I can buck through solid rock.
Twilight Sparkle: That's why I brought a specialist.
Rarity: Next shift. You're on break.
Fluttershy: You've been glaring so hard. Who wants a feather massage?
----
Twilight Sparkle: All I have to do now is fly over and take the crown, and I'll be Sibling Supreme forever!
Twilight Sparkle: Oh, come on!
Princess Celestia: I am sorry, Twilight, but it looks as though Shining Armor has truly won the crown.
Spike: That's the thing about looks. They can be deceiving.
Twilight Sparkle: Spike?!
Spike: Come on. You two don't think you have the only sibling rivalry. I had an inside pony help.
Spike: It wasn't hard to miss there were some disagreements on the whole security thing.
----
Twilight Sparkle: The true Sibling Supreme. Spike.
Spike: Huh?
Spike: Whoa!
----
Twilight Sparkle: Are you all right?
Spike: Is it a deluxe set of special edition Ogres & Oubliettes figurines that I'm totally surprised by and have been hinting that I need forever?
Spike: Awww...
Twilight Sparkle: Thank you.
Twilight Sparkle: Huh. It's from Princess Celestia.
Spike: So is this. Really? She couldn't have put it into the box?
Twilight Sparkle: "My dearest Twilight, I have been conducting a thorough cleaning of the castle, and I came across a few items of yours in your old room. I thought you might want them back." I didn't even know I'd left anything! Awww, look! Remember this? It's the macaroni picture frame Cadance helped me make when I was a filly!
Spike: Who could forget a masterpiece like that?
Twilight Sparkle: My G1 Star Swirl figure! And some of my favorite school scrolls! And here's my extra extra credit report on "The Impediments of Using Magic in Everyday Chores"! Ha! Still so true!
Spike: Is my Smash Fortune comic in there? I've been looking for that for years. Whoa, whoa!
Spike: Or this.
Twilight Sparkle: Oh, no! Oh, no! Oh, no!
Spike: What's wrong? It just looks like an old library book.
Twilight Sparkle: Exactly! It belongs to the Canterlot Library! That means it's... overdue!
Twilight Sparkle: You don't understand, Spike! I have a perfect library book return record!
Spike: Had a perfect record.
Twilight Sparkle: I've never turned in a book even a minute late! And this one has been overdue since I left for Ponyville!
Twilight Sparkle: I promise I won't let you down!
Twilight Sparkle: Oooh! I hope I do forever!
Twilight Sparkle: Spi-ike! Quick, find me that old copy of Predictions and Prophecies. What's that for?
Spike: Well, it was a gift for Moon Dancer, but...
Twilight Sparkle: Oh, Spike, you know we don't have time for that sort of thing.
Twilight Sparkle: And then Celestia sent me to Ponyville, and I forgot all about this! Dusty Pages prided herself that no books were damaged or lost on her watch, and I failed her! I failed myself!
Spike: I take it we're going to Canterlot?
Spike: The sooner, the better, I guess.
----
Twilight Sparkle: Yes. But what if somepony sees me in there? I'm the Princess of Friendship. Everywhere I go, ponies recognize me. I'll stick out like a sore hoof.
Spike: Princess Twilight Sparkle in a library? Stop the presses!
Twilight Sparkle: A late book is a big deal, Spike. What if Dusty Pages revokes my library card? Or bans me from ever entering the building again?!
Spike: Don't you already have most of those books in your collection at home?
Twilight Sparkle: Yes, but the ones in there have a special Canterlot Library-y smell!
Spike: You sniff books?
Twilight Sparkle: You don't? I used to live in a library. If I'm not a good example of proper book borrowing behavior, then what kind of princess am I?
Spike: One that makes mistakes like everypony else. Trust me. Once you return that book, you'll feel way better.
Twilight Sparkle: Thanks, Spike. Let's go!
Twilight Sparkle: I have a book to return.
Twilight Sparkle: Is that the new edition of Mooncurve's Seven Theories on Bending Time? I have been waiting for the release sin— Uh, I mean, uh, no books today! Thanks!
Twilight Sparkle: But I do need to speak with Dusty Pages about a... sensitive matter.
Twilight Sparkle: Dusty Pages? The head librarian? She's worked here forever.
Spike: Just ask where to return an overdue book! It's no big deal! It happens all the time!
Twilight Sparkle: Not to me it doesn't! Fine. Fine! Oh, no! I didn't even think about the late fine! A book out this long will probably cost a thousand bits!
Spike: She— I mean, we have an overdue book.
Spike: See?
Twilight Sparkle: Don't pull any punches with those names, do you?
Spike: And that office would be...?
Spike: Whoa. Looks like nopony ever goes down here.
Twilight Sparkle: Nopony except undependable rule-breakers who deserve all the horrors this hallway holds!
Spike: And faithful dragon companions. Uh... hey! It looks like First Folio left a note on the door!
Twilight Sparkle: "Abandon hope, all ye who enter"?
Spike: "Out to lunch on Restaurant Row." Guess we'll have to try back later!
Twilight Sparkle: No! I can't wait another minute to return this book! In the time it took us to get there, I racked up another... seventeen bits in late fees! We're going to lunch!
Spike: Good, 'cause I'm starving!
Spike: Oh. You mean to find First Folio. Can we at least get takeout?!
Twilight Sparkle: Tell me if you see any librarian-type ponies.
Spike: Twilight, we tried this at three other restaurants already!
Twilight Sparkle: And my late fines are already up another twenty-six more bits!
Spike: Oh, uh, I'm not actually—
Spike: Hm. Well, I would probably order some naan as well. For the table?
Twilight Sparkle: Moon Dancer! How've you been? I'm just visiting. No real reason. Heh.
Twilight Sparkle: First Folio?! Yes! I mean, thank you.
Twilight Sparkle: Yeah... I was hoping I could talk to Dusty Pages about that.
Twilight Sparkle: Mm-mm.
Twilight Sparkle: Wait. Forced to leave?
Twilight Sparkle: Uh-huh. Would, uh, you excuse me?
Spike: That's why you only order spicy if you can take it. Twilight, what's wrong?
Twilight Sparkle: Dusty Pages isn't working at the library any more because I didn't return this book! Spike, I think I got her fired!
Spike: Twilight, the library is that way!
Twilight Sparkle: Change of plans. We're going to Dusty's house. She used to invite me over for tea all the time.
Spike: But what about your late fees?
Twilight Sparkle: They're not as important as making things right.
Spike: Wait. So you're not going to return the book?
Twilight Sparkle: No. Dusty Pages is. It's my fault she lost her job. So if I give her the book, she can get her old job back. It'll fix everything!
Twilight Sparkle: Oh, I'm not selling anything.
Twilight Sparkle: No problem. I'm just looking for somepony who used to live here. I'm pretty sure this was her house.
Twilight Sparkle: Yes!
Twilight Sparkle: "Silver Stable Community: For the best golden years." This has to be it!
Spike: I hope so. It's the last "Silver" spot on the map we haven't looked.
Spike: Whoa! This place is—
Twilight Sparkle: Terrible, I know! There's not a single bookshelf in sight!
Twilight Sparkle: Poor Dusty... Excuse me!
Twilight Sparkle: Do you have a resident named Dusty Pages?
Twilight Sparkle: Thank you!
Twilight Sparkle: I can't believe that my carelessness sent her here, when she could be happily surrounded by millions of wonderful-smelling books!
Spike: You realize that might just be a you thing, right?
Twilight Sparkle: There she is! Here we go.
Spike: She's bound to be back soon. Maybe we should just wait here.
Twilight Sparkle: No. We are fixing this now. This place isn't that big. We can find her.
Twilight Sparkle: Sorry to interrupt your plein air painting, but we're looking for Dusty Pages. Have you seen her?
Twilight Sparkle: And...?
Twilight Sparkle: Thank you!
Spike: Wow. Dusty sounds like one busy pony.
Twilight Sparkle: Oh, she's just filling her days with distractions to cover the pain of losing the best job ever! But not for long!
Twilight Sparkle: Dusty Pages, finally! Come on, Spike!
Spike: Wait. She looks pretty happy up there.
Twilight Sparkle: Trust me, it's all an act. She'll be a lot happier when I deliver the news that she can go back to working at the library!
Twilight Sparkle: Care to take five, everypony?
Twilight Sparkle: I've been looking all over Equestria for you!
Twilight Sparkle: I need to tell you something.
Twilight Sparkle: No. I mean, yes, we did, but that's not why we're here. I let you down, and I can't forgive myself until I set things right.
Twilight Sparkle: You told me to take care of a special book I checked out from the Canterlot Library, and I never brought it back!
Twilight Sparkle: But now you can bring it to Canterlot Library and get your job back!
Twilight Sparkle: Do you mind?
Twilight Sparkle: I don't understand. If Dusty Pages won't go back to Canterlot Library and explain everything, then she won't be able to get her job back. Even worse, her record will remain imperfect!
Spike: And yours will, too?
Twilight Sparkle: Well, yeah! But that doesn't matter any more!
Spike: Really?
Twilight Sparkle: Well, maybe a little bit. Oh, no, bits! The late fines! How much do I owe now?!
Spike: Uhhh... you don't wanna know.
Twilight Sparkle: It would've been worth all the bits in Equestria if I had made things right with Dusty! I wish I knew why she won't go back!
Spike: Why don't you ask her?
Twilight Sparkle: She didn't seem to want to talk.
Spike: You surprised her, and she probably had something else on her schedule. That thing is packed! Come on. What have you got to lose?
Twilight Sparkle: Now that I've messed up this much? Nothing. You're right, Spike. It's worth a try. Where do you think she went? Crochet? Bingo?
Twilight Sparkle: A squishy fruit food-fight tournament?!
Spike: Hey, everypony! We come in—
Spike: Eh, pieces.
Twilight Sparkle: Stop! We just want to talk to Dusty Pages for a moment! Please?
Spike: We're not actually here for the game.
Twilight Sparkle: I was hoping you'd give me another chance to talk to you about the library book.
Twilight Sparkle: Mm-hmm. I know I ruined your life by not returning my book on time, and I will do anything I can to make it up to you. Even promise to never take a book out of a library again, if that's what it takes.
Spike: That is not the reaction we expected.
Twilight Sparkle: You're not?
Twilight Sparkle: What was it?
Spike: From books?
Twilight Sparkle: You mean you weren't fired? You left the library because you wanted to?
Twilight Sparkle: You're sure you don't want to return it and get that perfect record back?
Twilight Sparkle: But it'll have a stain!
Twilight Sparkle: Actually, uh, no, I guess I didn't.
Twilight Sparkle: "Perfection".
Twilight Sparkle: "The Impossible Pursuit".
Twilight Sparkle: Oh. That might've been useful to look at earlier.
Twilight Sparkle: However much it is, I'll cover it. Uh, do you have a monthly payment plan?
Spike: That's it?!
Twilight Sparkle: Um, is that really necessary? Heh. It just seems so permanent. Heh. I mean, I did return the book, after all.
Twilight Sparkle: Okay. Letting the perfection go. You want me to reshelve this for you?
Spike: In that case, can we keep it? It might be a good reminder to have around.
Twilight Sparkle: That's what makes it perfect.
Pinkie Pie: Do you think they know we're here?
Rainbow Dash: I think they have a pretty good idea.
----
Twilight Sparkle: I won't keep you in suspense any longer. We're bringing one of Ponyville's oldest traditions to our school – the Fetlock Fete.
Twilight Sparkle: You don't need to do that, Ocellus. This year, the event's at school and open to everycreature. We're calling our dance the Amity Ball.
Twilight Sparkle: And we'll have all the old Fetlock Fete traditions – the Pony Pal Contest, the lucky pot dinner. You'll love it! So, like this says, "get your pony pal and come along."
Twilight Sparkle: Now, who wants to help me hang more posters?
Rarity: Ooh! Oh, terribly sorry, Yona. All these dresses I'm sewing for the dance have me completely frazzled.
Rarity: Oh. Well, not interrupting exactly. More like blocking the flow— uh, stopping me from what I'm doing— so, yes, interrupting! Now, what can I do for you, Yona?
----
Twilight Sparkle: Welcome, everycreature, to our school's first annual Amity Ball! For those of you who've never attended a Fetlock Fete, we can't wait to show you some of our fun traditions on this special night!
Twilight Sparkle: So, Spike...
Spike: Uh, Scales-n-Tail?
Twilight Sparkle: Uh, right. Scales-n-Tail. Let's get this party started!
Spike: Oh, yeah, party ponies! It's time to raise the roof and stomp your hoof for the traditional first dance of the night, the Pony Cotillion!
Spike: Time to shake things up a little! That's right, everycreature! It's the Pony Prance!
----
Twilight Sparkle: And that's why we're giving you this.
Twilight Sparkle: From now on, it's the annual Amity Ball Award for Friendship!
Applejack: No pony-ness required.
Rainbow Dash: We all decided you and Yona totally earned this.
----
Twilight Sparkle: Congratulations, you two!
Spike: Yona! I'm glad you're back! Everypony wants to learn that crazy dance you did!
Rarity: It would be an honor.
----
Twilight Sparkle: Mm-hmm. You can make it up tomorrow.
Twilight Sparkle: A week?! In the middle of the semester?
Fluttershy: Oh, is everything all right, Smolder?
Spike: Did you say "sweet guy" and "dragon" in the same sentence?
----
Twilight Sparkle: I'm sorry to hear about your brother, Smolder. But the Dragon Lands are really far for you to go by yourself. And I'm not sure about you missing so much class.
Spike: Hey! What if she got a school credit for it? Kind of like a... a kindness field trip? I'll go with her.
Fluttershy: Baby... dragon... hatching season?! All those cute little snouts poking out of those adorable little shells?! Teeny, tiny, twitchy tails?! Can I go too?!
Twilight Sparkle: Well, you are the perfect pony to lead a kindness field trip.
Twilight Sparkle: Fine. But I'm gonna expect a full report when you get back.
Twilight Sparkle: I was talking to Fluttershy. Hatching season sounds fascinating!
Spike: Okay, I made a list of what cheers me up when I'm down, so if your brother's like me, he's gonna love it! What should we do first? The Smile Song? The sharing circle? Or friendship bracelet weaving?
Fluttershy: Well, what would make your brother happy?
----
Twilight Sparkle: Remind me how this happened again!
Applejack: And why there's a giant turtle eatin' my family's entire summer crop!
Fluttershy: Oh, dear. Mr. Tortoise-Snap said he was hungry. But he promised me he would only take a few small bites.
----
Twilight Sparkle: Applejack and Pinkie, you distract him! Rainbow Dash, Rarity, and Fluttershy, let's save Spike!
Fluttershy: Mr. Tortoise-Snap, I'm only asking nicely once! Let my friend go!
Spike: Whoa! Whoa!
Twilight Sparkle: And now, a simple teleportation spell should—
Princess Celestia: Halt, interloper!
Princess Luna: Stay back, friends! My sister and I will take care of the beast!
----
Twilight Sparkle: That's just what I was about to do!
Princess Luna: Goodness, sister! That was fun!
Princess Celestia: No need to thank us. To be honest, we've recently realized we like being part of the action.
----
Twilight Sparkle: Maybe the princesses changed their minds. Maybe they don't think we're up to the responsibility of protecting Equestria after all!
Spike: Or maybe this week's just a one-time thing that'll never happen again.
Princess Celestia: Ah! A strategy meeting! What is the danger this time? A rampaging beast? Evil spell? Friendship problem?
----
Twilight Sparkle: Great. But is something wrong? It's just... You've been helping us an awful lot, and we know you have way more important ruler-y things to do, so...
Princess Luna: We've spent more than enough time in the throne room. Real life is happening out here.
Twilight Sparkle: Wait. That's what this is about? You're sick of being princesses?
Princess Celestia: Not exactly. Battling the Everfree Forest alongside Star Swirl made us realize what we've missed out on. So, instead of spending the day ruling...
Princess Luna: ...and the night patrolling dreams...
----
Twilight Sparkle: Don't worry. We'll cover your palace duties. It'll be a good chance for us to practice for when you retire.
Princess Luna: Well, if you're sure you don't mind the extra effort.
Princess Celestia: Thank you, Twilight! What a relief to know the Royal Swanifying Ceremony is in good hooves.
----
Twilight Sparkle: If it's written down, I'm sure we can handle it. Have fun!
Princess Luna: One more thing. We're leaving you in charge of raising the sun and moon while we're gone.
Princess Celestia: We have put a small part of our power in this amulet. You can activate it with your magic at any time. Preferably dawn and dusk.
----
Twilight Sparkle: We won't let you down, princesses. Please tell me that scroll says what the the Royal Swanifying is.
Spike: Apparently it's a celebration of all the swans in the royal lake. We round them up, parade them through the streets, and finish with a party in the castle.
Rainbow Dash: One question. Why?!
Twilight Sparkle: It doesn't matter. This is our chance to show Celestia and Luna we'll do whatever the job requires. If they can take care of all this themselves, then I know we can. Together.
Fluttershy: Um... hmm.
Rarity: Ah. Jolly good.
----
Twilight Sparkle: Thank you, but we have it all covered.
Twilight Sparkle: If we ask for help, it's just like admitting we're not as good at the job as Luna and Celestia are. Besides, how hard can throwing a swan party be?
Pinkie Pie: Yeah! All we have left to do is polish the armor, bubble the punch, glitter the carpet, puff the pastry, float the floats, and carpet every road in Canterlot! Should I keep reading?
Princess Luna: Uh, Celestia? Since we're both a little tired, m-maybe the first thing we do shouldn't be too wild.
----
Twilight Sparkle: There's not enough in the castle kitchens to—
Applejack: Did you even know there were royal street carpeters?
Rarity: How rude.
Twilight Sparkle: Thank you for your constructive criticism. But we really don't have time to chat, so...
Princess Celestia: Well, I hope you're enjoying yourself on your super-relaxing picnic, sister.
Princess Luna: I would be if you hadn't made us hike through a million prickle bushes!
----
Twilight Sparkle: How does Celestia and Luna rule a kingdom and get all this done by themselves every year?!
Spike: Uh, what's the funny part exactly?
Twilight Sparkle: They don't?
Rarity: Still rude.
Twilight Sparkle: Ooh! New plan, everypony! We're going to delegate!
Rainbow Dash: You! You're on food duty!
Rarity: I need gemstones! And purple satin!
----
Twilight Sparkle: So this is how you rule Equestria!
Princess Luna: Things are so much more relaxing without my bossy sister.
Princess Celestia: Who needs a gloomy sister moping around all the time anyway?
----
Twilight Sparkle: Does anypony have some tape?!
Rainbow Dash: I thought Pinkie Pie said to get here right away.
Applejack: She sure had a burr in her britches about somethin'.
----
Twilight Sparkle: Uh, Pinkie? You said you had something important to tell us.
Pinkie Pie: Not telling so much as showing. In fact, what you're about to see may shake the very foundations of your perception for all time!
Fluttershy: Um... a cupcake?
----
Twilight Sparkle: I think Applejack's asking about the part about Cheese Sandwich and your life's purpose.
Pinkie Pie: Oh, that. Yeah. It's just... All of you have found your thing. You're gonna rule all of Equestria, Rainbow Dash is a Wonderbolt, Fluttershy has her animal sanctuary, Rarity has her boutiques, Applejack has the hat... And the farm! So that's like... two things! I don't even have one. When I first got Cheese's invite, I was a little jealous. It felt like even he was moving on to bigger and better things. And everypony was leaving me behind. But then I realized Cheese Sandwich is a party pony just like me. If he figured out his purpose, he can help me figure out mine.
Twilight Sparkle: I think talking to Cheese Sandwich is a great idea. But the only pony who can really find your life's purpose is you.
Pinkie Pie: I know, silly. That's why I'm going to visit Cheese Sandwich's factory so I can ask him to help me.
Spike: Uh, Pinkie? Are you sure this is edible?
----
Twilight Sparkle: Well, that sounds like quite a trip!
Fluttershy: And Cheese Sandwich just left his own factory?
Pinkie Pie: Yup. But I think Sans Smirk's hooves were the perfect ones to leave it in. As much as Cheese was born to wander Equestria and make ponies laugh in-person, Sans was born to run that factory.
----
Twilight Sparkle: I have to admit I was a little shocked when Princess Celestia told me she wanted to start a scholastic buckball league. But I was even more surprised that she wanted the first game to be between her school and ours! Apparently, she's a huge sports fan.
Pinkie Pie: Always thought Celestia was kind of a jock, just with really wavy hair.
Twilight Sparkle: Anyway, we don't have much time. The game is in two weeks, and I want all of you to coach the team!
Twilight Sparkle: I know how you feel. Young athletes ready to take the field. Ooh, you could almost breathe in the excitement!
Fluttershy: It's just... Two weeks doesn't feel like a whole lot of time to train a whole team.
Pinkie Pie: Mmmmaybe the School of Magic could play a few other schools first. Like the Mane and Tail Styling College or the Scroll-Making Institute?
Twilight Sparkle: Relax. You're gonna do just fine.
Fluttershy: Um, what makes you so sure?
Twilight Sparkle: Because I have faith in my friends, who also happen to be the best buckball players in Equestria!
Pinkie Pie: Oh, yeah!
Fluttershy: I guess that is sort of true.
Twilight Sparkle: I asked Rainbow Dash to help, too. But I'm not sure when she—
Rainbow Dash: Sorry I'm late! But when Twilight said she needed my help with the buckball team, I figured I'd better grab every piece of coaching equipment I could find! So what should I focus on? Offense? Defense? Trick plays?
Twilight Sparkle: I was thinking of something even more important.
Rainbow Dash: Awesome! Lay it on me. Whatever it is, I'll give it a hundred and twenty percent!
Twilight Sparkle: I knew I could count on your enthusiasm! That's why I want you to coach the cheer squad!
Rainbow Dash: Cheerleading?!
Rainbow Dash: I don't mean to sound ungrateful. It's just when you said you wanted my help with something important, I thought you meant something important.
Twilight Sparkle: The cheer squad is important.
Rainbow Dash: Oh. Well, sure, cheer squad is totally important to somepony who isn't me. But I'm more about ponies playing in the game, not cheering for it.
Rainbow Dash: I mean, it's great that some ponies only want to cheer, though I don't know why they would.
Twilight Sparkle: Hmmm. Well, maybe this will be a good opportunity for you to find out.
Rainbow Dash: Of course I've seen cheer squads before – on the sidelines – but I'm not even a hundred percent sure what they do. I'll probably just mess it up.
Twilight Sparkle: I think you might be surprised. In fact, I'm more sure than ever that you're the perfect choice.
Rainbow Dash: What do you mean?
Rainbow Dash: Okay... So why are you here?
----
Twilight Sparkle: Yahoo!
Princess Celestia: I realize the game of buckball traditionally requires an Earth pony, a Pegasus, and a unicorn, but I appreciate you allowing my students to compete.
Twilight Sparkle: Of course, and the wings and magical-dampening ring you made seem to be working really well.
Princess Celestia: Indeed, though not as well as your team. COME ON, SCHOOL OF MAGIC!
Fluttershy: Ohhhh! The suspense is horrible! I'm the most nervous I've ever been, and that's saying something.
----
Twilight Sparkle: Wow, Rainbow Dash! It's almost like you were the perfect pony to coach cheer squad after all!
Rainbow Dash: Wait a second. Was this one of those things where you knew the lesson I needed to learn before I learnt it?
Twilight Sparkle: You mean like how you don't have to care about a thing other ponies like as long as you care about the ponies who like it? Nope. Don't know what you're talking about.
Rainbow Dash: Ugh!
Princess Celestia: Nicely done.
----
Twilight Sparkle: Great question, Spike! And the answer is...
Twilight Sparkle: ...going to bed! Brains need eight hours of sleep to perform at optimum levels!
Spike: Oh. Cool. I thought I'd have to force you to go to bed since tomorrow is your chance to be the first pony to win Ponyville Trivia three times in a row. That is tomorrow, right?
Twilight Sparkle: The answer is...
Twilight Sparkle: ...yes! Ask me another one.
Spike: Another what?
Twilight Sparkle: Another question! I want to stay in the zone. That way, I can sleep in the zone! Wake up in the zone! And be totally in the zone tomorrow!
Spike: Uh, this is a whole new level of "Twilight-ing", isn't it? Heh.
Twilight Sparkle: The answer is...
Twilight Sparkle: ...yes!
Spike: Are you okay?
Twilight Sparkle: The answer is...
Twilight Sparkle: ...yes!
Spike: Well, good night, Twilight. Good luck with your brain sleep and getting that third win.
Twilight Sparkle: The answer is...
Twilight Sparkle: ...good night! And yes!
Spike: That wasn't a question.
Twilight Sparkle: I'm glad you decided to come watch your first Trivia Trot, Spike. I hope the rules aren't too confusing.
Spike: Rules? Isn't trivia just asking questions and answering them?
Twilight Sparkle: The Trot is a little more involved than that. Let's start with the first category of rules. "Categories. Rule one: Each category must be categorically designated and thoroughly researched in all categorical..."
Twilight Sparkle: "...participating in Trivia Trot." And that wraps up rule forty-one point six. Of course, the exception to that – rule forty-one point six A – is interesting itself because—
Spike: Oh, look! We're here!
Twilight Sparkle: Ooh! I can't wait to see who my partner's gonna be!
Spike: You don't get to pick your own team?
Twilight Sparkle: Rule twenty point one six B, Spike. To keep things fair, the teams are randomly selected.
Spike: Twenty point one six B. How could I forget?
Twilight Sparkle: And based on the regular attendees, I've charted every potential teammate's strengths and weaknesses, plus my percentage of winning with each one!
Spike: Ha! I knew there'd be a chart! Glad I'm just watching. I don't think I could handle being your teammate. What if I let you down?
Twilight Sparkle: You could never let me down, Spike. But I'm glad you're watching, too. I'm going to need all the support I can get for win number three!
Applejack: Well, well, well, if it ain't our reignin' champ. Think you can win again this week, Twilight?
Twilight Sparkle: Everypony here has a different area of expertise, so it really is anypony's game. But yes!
Rainbow Dash: Then you better hope you get paired with me, because I am gonna rule this game!
Rainbow Dash: I hope you realize not every category is gonna be "Spells So Old, Not Even Star Swirl the Bearded Remembers Them".
----
Twilight Sparkle: Rule thirty-seven point two C. No back-to-back categories. But I think Fluttershy was joking.
Pinkie Pie: Sure sounded like a joke to me! Woo-hoo!
Twilight Sparkle: Pinkie Pie?!
Pinkie Pie: Present!
Spike: What's wrong, Twilight?
Twilight Sparkle: I hadn't anticipated Pinkie Pie as a potential player! She's never played before! My chart is completely off! I have no way to predict what'll happen, and unpredictable is not good for a Trivia Trot three-peat!
Spike: Do I have to do that thing where I list all your successes as Princess of Friendship to put things into perspective and remind you this is just a game?
Twilight Sparkle: Spike! This has nothing to do with being the Princess of Friendship! And this is not just a game! This! Is! Trivia Trot!
Twilight Sparkle: It's starting! I have to reevaluate my chart! Spike, I need you to find the part on matchups! Can you look outside?
Spike: What'd I miss?
Twilight Sparkle: Granny's about to call out the fifth team. Sunburst gave me the highest chance of winning, but he's been paired with Cranky Doodle!
Twilight Sparkle: At least Rainbow Dash and Applejack aren't together. Team Apple-Dash is basically unstoppable.
Twilight Sparkle: And apart they'll spend all their energy trying to one-up each other, so that only helps my chances.
Twilight Sparkle: Eh, not every team is a threat, but there aren't many ponies left.
Spike: What's wrong?
Twilight Sparkle: Maud and Mudbriar have been paired together every week. It's a statistical improbability! Which would be fine if they weren't so good.
Twilight Sparkle: Oh, no! According to my calculations, the only pony who could really threaten my winning streak is...!
Pinkie Pie: Twilight! It's you and me! Isn't that great?
Twilight Sparkle: Yeah. Great.
Spike: So, I'm guessing the one pony who could mess up your winning streak is Pinkie?
Pinkie Pie: Twilight! I can't believe we're partners for a game! I love games! And I'm super duper excited for this game because it'll be my first time ever playing, and I get to play with you, which makes it even funner!
----
Twilight Sparkle: Pinkie, I'm glad you're excited, but tonight's game is special. I could be the first pony ever to win three consecutive Trots in a row. And I'm really hoping I do.
Pinkie Pie: You don't have anything to worry about. I'll do everything I can to be the bestest and most funnest teammate ever.
Spike: So... still think you can win?
Twilight Sparkle: I know I can. Pinkie might not be the partner I expected, but I can coach her along. And besides, I'm pretty good at this game. If she misses a few, I'm sure I can pick up the slack.
Pinkie Pie: Let's get this party started!
Spike: I'll do it!
----
Twilight Sparkle: Ooh! A category about books! We're off to a great start!
Pinkie Pie: The answer is nopony! Because everypony ends up loving the holiday with singing, festive cakes, and thoughtful presents!
Spike: Just doing my job, Twilight.
----
Twilight Sparkle: It's fine, Pinkie. But maybe it'll help our chances if I coach you as we go. Tip one – try sitting still.
Pinkie Pie: Can do, Coach Twilight—
Twilight Sparkle: And don't get distracted. Or be distracting. Oh, and remember to listen carefully. Also, it's best to keep quiet between questions.
Pinkie Pie: Got it.
Pinkie Pie: Sitting still, sitting still, sitting still...!
Twilight Sparkle: Pinkie!
Pinkie Pie: What?!
Rainbow Dash: Rigged!
----
Twilight Sparkle: Okay, Pinkie. Remember, the category is "Apples". Keep your mind on apples.
Pinkie Pie: Apples, apples, apples, apples... Ooh, and oranges. And grapes! And strawberries. Strawberry cupcakes! I'm hungry.
Rainbow Dash: Don't choke.
----
Twilight Sparkle: Come on, Pinkie, you know this one. Mysterious apples? Only around for five days?
Pinkie Pie: Quiet down there. Pretty sure there's a rule against tummies ringing in.
Fluttershy: Um, I'm just guessing, but is it zap apples?
----
Twilight Sparkle: Spike! I don't think I can coach Pinkie well enough for us to get my three-peat! I don't want her to feel bad! She's trying so hard, but I might have to start answering everything myself!
Pinkie Pie: Look, Twilight! No more belly growl interruptions for Team Twi-Pie!
Spike: Maybe instead of focusing on Pinkie, you should just focus on how you're playing.
Twilight Sparkle: Or... I should look at how everypony else is playing.
Twilight Sparkle: Sleeping!
Twilight Sparkle: Sunburst's partner is sleeping. And according to rule fifty-seven point six, sleeping on the table is subject to dis-qual-i-fi-ca-tion!
Twilight Sparkle: Don't worry, Pinkie. We're not out of this game yet.
Fluttershy: Is the answer carrots?
Twilight Sparkle: Ah! Rule thirteen point two! No help from pets!
Applejack: Nyah!
Rainbow Dash: Nyah!
Twilight Sparkle: Rule seventy-two point eight! No sticking tongues out at opponents!
Twilight Sparkle: Motion to establish new rule! No expressionless contestants!
Twilight Sparkle: Fine.
Pinkie Pie: Twilight! I know all about those! You have to let me help!
Twilight Sparkle: Suuuure! Just when we're finally back in the game! Why, that sounds perfect, Pinkie, but... Ooh! Isn't that a confetti appreciation parade I see?
Pinkie Pie: Where?!
Pinkie Pie: Wait, what?!
Twilight Sparkle: Double midnight chocolate fudge with chili pepper frosting!
Pinkie Pie: Hey! I knew that! I made those cupcakes!
Twilight Sparkle: Sorry, Pinkie. But you were looking at the parade, and I didn't want our team to miss out on the point.
Pinkie Pie: I guess that makes sense, but which way did that confetti parade go anyway?
Twilight Sparkle: 1547 Pony B.E.!
Twilight Sparkle: Vanhoover!
Twilight Sparkle: Cutie Pox!
Twilight Sparkle: Bananaaaaas!
Twilight Sparkle: I don't know anything about those! That's not any kind of category!
Pinkie Pie: Don't worry, fellow Twi-Pie. I grew up on a rock farm. I'm sure I know some of these.
Pinkie Pie: The black one!
----
Twilight Sparkle: Gee, Pinkie! I forgot the name of that famous rock in Griffonstone. Could you ask Maud?
Pinkie Pie: You got it! Hey, Maud! What's the name of the famous rock in Griffonstone?
Pinkie Pie: Sure I can. I just did.
----
Twilight Sparkle: I'm sorry, Pinkie. Guess I forgot about that rule.
Pinkie Pie: Oh, no! If I'm out, you don't have a partner! You won't be able to get your third win!
Twilight Sparkle: Actually, since there's another player who has also had his teammate disqualified...
Pinkie Pie: Oh. Okay. Um, I'll just cheer you on from... over there.
Twilight Sparkle: Oh, we're gonna crush this round!
Twilight Sparkle: What?! I am the reigning Trot champ! If there's any slack that needs picking, I'll be the up! I mean, wait...
Twilight Sparkle: That would be Lord Tirek!
Twilight Sparkle: But Scorpan tried to convince Tirek not to do it, so technically he wasn't part of it, even if he started out—! Never mind.
Twilight Sparkle: Look, Sunburst. I realize I may have been a little off earlier, but I'm really good at this game.
Rainbow Dash: Twenty!
Rainbow Dash: Ha!
Twilight Sparkle: Well, I knew it, too. You're not the only pony to ever read a book, you know?
Twilight Sparkle: Oh, I know it's twenty. But if you want proof... Wait! According to rule eighteen point three, I can't check outside reference material.
Twilight Sparkle: Are you trying to get me disqualified?! What kind of pony would do that to their own teammate?!
Twilight Sparkle: It's okay, Sunburst. I understand. And I have a teammate of my own to apologize to. Lucky for you, Cranky's awake. And according to rule fifty-seven point six B...
Twilight Sparkle: Pinkie, you were the best teammate I could ask for, but I let wanting to win keep me from seeing that.
Pinkie Pie: I knew you wanted to win, but I probably could have helped a little. And even if I couldn't...
Twilight Sparkle: ...we still could've had fun. I'm so sorry for not realizing it. I got so obsessed with one thing, I forgot what really mattered.
Pinkie Pie: No! That doesn't sound like you at all!
Twilight Sparkle: Well, win or lose, nothing is more important than my friend. Or my team. Twi-Pie forever?
Pinkie Pie: I-I don't know.
Twilight Sparkle: I understand. I guess even the Princess of Friendship can mess things up with her friends.
Pinkie Pie: Oh, it's not that. It's just that I already changed it to Team Twi-Burst, and now I guess I should change it to Sun-Doodle?
Twilight Sparkle: Actually, I have a better idea.
Twilight Sparkle: According to rule thirteen point two, players can join the game at any time, provided they start from zero.
Pinkie Pie: Wow. These rules are really convoluted. But doesn't starting from zero mean we'll lose?
Twilight Sparkle: Well, our chances aren't good, but the odds of having fun on Team Twi-Pie are one hundred percent!
Princess Celestia: Sorry to interrupt. We know you're busy planning the Summer Sun Celebration as we requested. But...
Princess Luna: Oh! Things seem, uh, calmer than we would've expected.
----
Twilight Sparkle: With the exception of the odd trivia night, I've made a lot of progress since the Royal Swanifying Ceremony. You may not know this about me, but I occasionally freak out.
Twilight Sparkle: That was a joke. I wanted to show you with the Summer Sun Celebration how much I've improved. So I focused on delegating and trusting others. It's been great!
Princess Luna: That's... actually what we came to talk to you about. This may be the last Summer Sun Celebration you'll need to plan.
Twilight Sparkle: Did I do something wrong?
Princess Celestia: Of course not. It's just that the Celebration has always been about us. My defeat of Luna...
Princess Luna: ...and, thanks to you and your friends, my reunion with my sister.
----
Twilight Sparkle: Now that you're...
Princess Celestia: My sister and I have decided. The time for us to retire is upon us. You and your friends have proven you are ready to lead Equestria. So let this be the last Summer Sun Celebration as Equestria leaves behind the old to embrace the new!
Rarity: My goodness! How are you feeling about all this?
----
Twilight Sparkle: I'm actually fine. But if this is gonna be the last Summer Sun Celebration, I want to make sure it's the best Celebration ever!
Rainbow Dash: Please-don't-give-us-more-work... Please-don't-give-us-more-work... Please-don't-give-us-more-work...
Twilight Sparkle: So, even though everything was done, I thought of a few last-minute changes I could use your help with.
Rainbow Dash: I knew it!
Applejack: What are you doin' here?
Twilight Sparkle: I guess some draconequus isn't the know-it-all he thinks he is.
Rainbow Dash: This is it?
Twilight Sparkle: What?
Rainbow Dash: We were kinda with Discord on this one.
Twilight Sparkle: No more crazy lists. No more freaking out. With your help, I know we've got this.
Twilight Sparkle: There. Now, I need to go rewrite my speech. But if you all look at your cards, you'll see—
Rainbow Dash: Could you not go popping us all over the place, please?!
Fluttershy: We need to know what we're doing before we go and do it.
----
Twilight Sparkle: It's all coming together. I really think this is gonna be the best Summer Sun Celebration ever!
Rarity: You've done an outstanding job.
Twilight Sparkle: We've all done an outstanding job!
Princess Luna: Now, that truly is amazing.
Princess Celestia: Twilight, we know you had, uh, difficulties using the amulet to raise the sun and moon. We thought perhaps a practice session before the festivities might be in order.
Twilight Sparkle: That's... a good idea. Thank you all so much.
Applejack: I sure am proud o' her.
Spike: Yeah! She finally realizes things will turn out fine, even when she isn't micromanaging every little detail.
----
Twilight Sparkle: Do about what?
Spike: What are you doing here?
Twilight Sparkle: I forgot these. You guys okay?
Applejack: Twilight, w-we're sorry, but—
Rainbow Dash: But, uh, we don't know what to do now that everything's all ready!
Twilight Sparkle: I guess I was too organized. I'll try to come up with a few last-minute errands for you before sunrise.
Rainbow Dash: Well, that's a relief!
Applejack: Explain to me why we didn't tell her the truth.
----
Twilight Sparkle: You two just enjoy the festivities. I have a few surprises in store for— Yes, Discord?
Twilight Sparkle: What is Rainbow Dash doing?
Twilight Sparkle: Pinkie, is this soup?
Pinkie Pie: Yes! I... was really hungry?
Rarity: Nopony understands wanting to take pride in your work more than I do!
----
Twilight Sparkle: What is?
Fluttershy: Oh, um, just a slight hiccup in the weather.
Twilight Sparkle: Applejack, what is going on?
Applejack: I told y'all this was a bad idea! But nopony ever listens to me!
Twilight Sparkle: That's it!
Twilight Sparkle: I thought everything was fine! What is going on?!
Applejack: Everythin' was goin' fine.
Pinkie Pie: Until it totally wasn't.
----
Twilight Sparkle: Why didn't you tell me?
Rainbow Dash: We didn't want you to freak out.
Twilight Sparkle: And you thought not telling me everything was a total disaster would avoid a freak-out?!
Spike: When you say it like that, it sounds like a really bad plan.
Twilight Sparkle: I know how I used to react, but I really have changed. Panicking won't solve anything. But we can handle whatever problems come our way as long as we handle them together!
Princess Celestia: Spoken like a true leader. How can we help?
Twilight Sparkle: I love a good to-do list. So tell me exactly what happened so we can figure out exactly what "to do" to fix it.
Twilight Sparkle: This Celebration has always been a reminder not to fear the night, for there is always a new day to look forward to. But as we look towards Equestria's future, I am sad to say today will be the last Summer Sun Celebration.
Twilight Sparkle: Because there is something even more important to celebrate. There are two ponies who have watched over us night and day for as long as we can remember. We will no longer commemorate their battle or their reunion. Instead, we will take this day to celebrate how much they mean to all of us. From this day forward, today will be known as the Festival of the Two Sisters!
Princess Celestia: We don't know what to say.
Pinkie Pie: A brand new holiday? You're my kind of princess!
Twilight Sparkle: I'm just glad we pulled it off.
Applejack: About that... We just wanted to say we're real sorry.
Rarity: You did tell us you'd changed.
----
Twilight Sparkle: Good. Because I'm sure there's gonna be plenty of things I'll need my best friends' help with.
Pinkie Pie: Whee-hee!
Fluttershy: Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Oh. Antoine believes what he eats is his business. Do other predators feel that way, too?
----
Twilight Sparkle: You nearly bought every tart they had last time, Spike. I can't imagine they wouldn't show up when there's a great customer like you. Oh, hi, Angel. What's going on?
Twilight Sparkle: Do you know what he's trying to say?
Spike: Nope.
Twilight Sparkle: Sorry, Angel. You should probably find Fluttershy. If I see her, I'll let her know you're looking for her.
Fluttershy: Oh, my goodness! I'm back! I'm a pony again!
Fluttershy: Oh, Angel. I promise to always make time for you from now on.
----
Twilight Sparkle: Um, hi, Rarity. What's up?
Rarity: Ugh! Besides my mane? Well, that is a question for Spike.
Twilight Sparkle: Oh. Well, Spike isn't here. I think he's at the post office.
Rarity: Again?! What is it with Spike and the post office?!
Twilight Sparkle: Rarity, what's going on?
Rarity: Spike declined my invitation to the gem cave, and I intend to find out why.
Twilight Sparkle: Hmm. That doesn't sound like Spike. Did you two have some sort of fight?
Rarity: A fight? Goodness, Twilight. What in Equestria would we fight about?
Twilight Sparkle: I've had arguments with friends before, and they can put a real strain on friendships.
Rarity: Well, certainly. But I think I'd remember if we had an argument.
Twilight Sparkle: Maybe you didn't realize it? Do you think you could've done something that unintentionally hurt his feelings?
Rarity: Well, if I didn't realize what I did, how would I know what I have done when I did it? I wonder if that's it. It certainly would explain his behavior. I must apologize!
Twilight Sparkle: For what?
Rarity: Oh, pfft. That's hardly the point. Poor Spikey-Wikey! This calls for a grand gesture!
Twilight Sparkle: Okay. Good talk.
Rarity: I'm not mailing it.
Rarity: Oh. I didn't realize griffons worked at the Ponyville Post Office.
----
Twilight Sparkle: Hi, Spike.
Spike: Uh-huh...
Twilight Sparkle: Hmmm. I've never seen Spike this sad before. Do you know what happened?
Rarity: Yes, well, perhaps he's still just tired from Power Ponypalooza.
Twilight Sparkle: I don't think that's it.
Rarity: I... suppose... it's possible it could have something to do with... Gabby not wanting to spend time with him anymore.
Twilight Sparkle: What? I thought the two of them were hanging out all the time.
Rarity: They were! Honestly, it took everything I had to convince him to spend any time with me at all! But between crystal gem crevasses, Power Pony conventions, and a marathon game of O&O, I managed to get some time in.
Twilight Sparkle: It sounds like you made sure he didn't have any time to spend with Gabby at all.
Rarity: What?! Pfft! I most certainly did not!
Rarity: Well, I... suppose I may have monopolized him a teeny bit. I'd just grown so used to having Spikey-Wikey around, I wasn't prepared for how much I'd miss him when he wasn't.
Twilight Sparkle: Friendships change, but just because Spike made a new friend doesn't mean he stops being yours.
Rarity: I know, but now I have to share him! Which I suppose I'll have to get used to. Right after I fix the mess I've made!
Twilight Sparkle: Good talk.
Rarity: I am here to apologize. Actually, more to confess. And all of this stuff isn't for Spike. It's the evidence against me!
Rarity: For my acts of utter selfishness!
----
Twilight Sparkle: Starlight, I have something very important to discuss with you.
Starlight Glimmer: If this is about leaving early yesterday, I didn't have any students on my schedule, and Trixie was having a magical emergency, which actually turned out to be nothing—
Twilight Sparkle: It's not anything like that.
Spike: "Twilight Sparkle, the Princess of Friendship, in light of her impending ascension to the throne of Equestria and in anticipation of her many duties and responsibilities forthwith, does hereby intend to make good on her previous offer to you, Starlight Glimmer, of replacing her as headmare of the School of Friendship!"
Twilight Sparkle: I want you to take over the school when I move to Canterlot.
Starlight Glimmer: I know! It's just so... amazing! I'm a little... Do you think I'm really up for it? Of course you do. I've covered for you every time you've had to run off and save Equestria, but... I mean... Yes. Of course! Thank you!
Twilight Sparkle: You're welcome. And I can't think of anypony who'd be better for the job.
Starlight Glimmer: I'm a little nervous. And excited. I'm mostly just nervous.
Twilight Sparkle: I understand. Of course I'll have a lot of important responsibilities as ruler of Equestria, but I'll always be available to help whenever you need.
Spike: Are you supposed to be at a royal etiquette lesson with Celestia and Luna right now?
Twilight Sparkle: Right! Can't underestimate the important responsibility of royal napkin placement.
Starlight Glimmer: Wow. I mean, no biggie. Right, Phyllis? I've totally got this.
Starlight Glimmer: Thanks...?
----
Twilight Sparkle: Getting royal place settings just right is a lot harder than it looks.
Starlight Glimmer: Okay... Uh, I know how busy you are, but I wanted to talk to you about running the school because, honestly, I was a bit worried about taking it over all on my own. But I just realized you never did it alone.
Twilight Sparkle: Having a friend help out is pretty great.
Starlight Glimmer: Exactly! So, what do you think about me hiring a vice headmare to help run things?
Twilight Sparkle: I trust you to run the school any way you want. And if that means hiring a vice headmare, I think it's a great idea.
Starlight Glimmer: Really?
Twilight Sparkle: Like you said, I've always had ponies around to help. And don't worry. You can always call on me to—
Spike: Uh, Twilight? Rarity says you were supposed to be at the boutique five minutes ago for your second fitting for the coronation gown.
Twilight Sparkle: Ugh. How many fittings are there gonna be?
Spike: A lot?
Twilight Sparkle: Anyway, good luck finding your vice headmare. I know you'll pick the right pony for the job.
Starlight Glimmer: Uh, why?
Starlight Glimmer: Uh, well, sure, that would be fun, but I can't just give you the job.
----
Twilight Sparkle: Starlight? I just thought I'd check in to see how the search for a vice headmare was going.
Starlight Glimmer: A lot better now.
Twilight Sparkle: Okay...
Starlight Glimmer: I really wanted it to be a friend, so I ended up pushing aside some pretty big signs that it wasn't gonna work out.
Twilight Sparkle: Not everypony is right for every job, but everypony has something to contribute. The trick is figuring out what.
Starlight Glimmer: What if you and your friend can't figure it out?
Twilight Sparkle: If you have a job to do, you have to decide what's best and be upfront and honest, even if that means you can't work with a friend on it.
Starlight Glimmer: So, I guess that means talking to them at the beginning instead of stringing them along until you get so frustrated you totally lose it and say a bunch of really awful things?
Twilight Sparkle: Pretty much.
Starlight Glimmer: Trixie? I know you're in there.
Starlight Glimmer: I'm sorry for all those things I said. I just really wanted it to work out, even though I knew it probably wouldn't. I should have said something sooner.
----
Twilight Sparkle: I'm afraid I am. Star Swirl sent me this enchanted flower, and it isn't doing well. If I figure out its magical properties, maybe we can save it.
Twilight Sparkle: Oh, definitely. You could take the wrong train or miss your stop...
Fluttershy: Or get lost in a strange town and end up in a dangerous situation with nopony to help you.
Twilight Sparkle: I know it's hard, but sometimes you just can't do what you want.
Twilight Sparkle: Sure, grown-ups can do a lot of things that foals can't. But there's plenty we can't do either. Like right now, I can't find a single reference to this flower!
Fluttershy: None of the birds or insects I've talked to have heard of it either.
Twilight Sparkle: I wonder if there's anything in Shadetail Evergreen's Tome of Flora and Fauna?
Fluttershy: That book's pretty out of date, but it might be worth a try.
Twilight Sparkle: I think there's a copy in the library filed under "Discontinued But Still Potentially Useful Ancient Texts". Unless I put it under "Hokum With a Slight Chance of Practical Applications".
Fluttershy: I hope you're right about the girls coming here.
Twilight Sparkle: Well, once we read Shadetail Evergreen's warning that the flower grants wishes, it wasn't a stretch to think they wished themselves to the fair. It's all they were talking about.
Fluttershy: Or maybe, since we told them they were too young to come, they wished to become grown-ups, then came here and caused some kind of trouble that led to a town-wide panic!
Twilight Sparkle: Yeah. Or that.
Fluttershy: Goodness! A Whirling Mungtooth! They are very rare and just the cutest little things when they're not excited.
Fluttershy: This one's excited.
----
Twilight Sparkle: You all go look for Spur. Fluttershy and I will do our best to keep everypony here safe.
Fluttershy: I'll show you. He mostly just needs to see you.
Fluttershy: After years of experience with animals, I've picked up a few things.
Twilight Sparkle: They sure aren't, but young foals pretending to be grown-ups are even less so.
Twilight Sparkle: There's only one petal left. But I think the three of you know what to wish for. And I'm pretty sure Star Swirl won't mind.
Twilight Sparkle: I'm glad you learned something. That's what growing up is. Which is why you probably shouldn't skip any of it.
Spike: I just wanted everything to be perfect. I mean, this was a big deal. But when Discord insists on being involved...
Spike: It seemed simple when it started...
----
Twilight Sparkle: About what?
Spike: Oh, I don't know. It's not every day the princesses that have ruled Equestria for hundreds of moons retire and pass all their responsibilities on to your and your friends.
Twilight Sparkle: Oh, that. Actually, I'm feeling pretty good. We've all faced so much and come out okay. I know we're up to the challenge of keeping Equestria safe and happy. There's nothing we can't handle together. Which reminds me...
Spike: Royal advisor? What's that?
Twilight Sparkle: A new position I created for you. You've been at my side for every step of this journey. Knowing I had you to count on gave me the strength I needed to grow and succeed. I wouldn't be here without you.
Spike: Thanks, Twilight. You know I'll always be your right-hoof dragon.
Twilight Sparkle: I was hoping you'd say that. Because now that my crown's been fitted, we have some royal errands to run!
Rarity: And you're sure this is where Pinkie told us to get the blackberries for her special coronation dessert?
Fluttershy: Maybe they keep their produce in the back?
----
Twilight Sparkle: Is that before or after the royal marshmallow-eating-contest gown?
Rarity: What?! I haven't made one of those! You must tell me when they add these sorts of things!
Twilight Sparkle: It's okay, Rarity. I was just joking.
Spike: Joking? Day of her coronation? You've come a long way, Twilight.
Rarity: Well, that's odd. They look open.
----
Twilight Sparkle: What was that about?
Rarity: You know designers. Don't like being interrupted when they're on a creative roll. With thread this exquisite, can you blame them?
Rainbow Dash: Weather for the coronation is sunny skies! It was weird, though. Not many Pegasi wanted to help me clear the clouds. They were kinda on edge.
----
Twilight Sparkle: You're right. I'll just have to let everypony know that even with Celestia and Luna gone, we'll make sure things stay the same.
Applejack: Twilight! There you are! You mind tellin' your friend here that I don't need an official guard wherever I go? Especially if he ain't gonna help carry apples?
Twilight Sparkle: I appreciate you taking such good care of my friends, but we're fine now.
Applejack: It was the strangest thing. He kept callin' me "Earth pony", like I didn't have a name. And watchin' me like he thought I'd steal the silver!
Pinkie Pie: Do not go in that kitchen!
----
Twilight Sparkle: You sure this is just pre-coronation nerves?
Spike: Wait. Did you just walk here on foot?
Applejack: Get to the point, Discord.
----
Twilight Sparkle: Except it was all a lie.
Applejack: For all the time you've spent with us, you really haven't picked up too much in the way of friendship lessons, huh?
Twilight Sparkle: You've been setting up challenges for us the whole time, haven't you? None of our successes were actually real.
Spike: And how was that supposed to help again?
Rarity: You beastly beast! Don't you know how much this day means to Twilight?! And me?! I made her dress! Why wait until now for such a horrible plan?!
----
Twilight Sparkle: I... I need some time to think first.
Pinkie Pie: Then we'll stop 'em!
Twilight Sparkle: How?! Stopping Sombra by himself was hard enough! And that was with lord-of-chaos training wheels!
Princess Celestia: Twilight, it doesn't matter if Discord set up your successes or not. We believe in you and always have.
Princess Luna: Lean on your strengths to counter your weaknesses.
Twilight Sparkle: My strengths? Right! Spike! Send a letter to Star Swirl! Tell him we need the Pillars to guard the border of Canterlot!
Twilight Sparkle: If the villains are coming for a fight, we'll have one waiting for them! With Chrysalis on the loose, she'll go after Starlight! Warn Cadance and Shining Armor! They're our final line of defense if we fail!
Twilight Sparkle: The ultimate battle for the fate of Equestria is coming!
Twilight Sparkle: We've faced enemies of Equestria before. And we've always succeeded, no matter the odds. That wouldn't be possible without all of you.
Spike: Dude, read the room.
Twilight Sparkle: So I ask for your help again today in what is our biggest battle yet. All of Equestria is at stake, and I can't do this alone. But I'm not afraid. Because with friendship as our armor and teamwork as our power, nopony can ever bring us down!
Twilight Sparkle: Cozy Glow?! You're—!
Twilight Sparkle: Aah!
Starlight Glimmer: Stay with your buddy! No running! Just follow Counselor Trixie!
Starlight Glimmer: I have to go. You got this?
----
Twilight Sparkle: Wait! What are you...?
Twilight Sparkle: NO!
Twilight Sparkle: Keep telling yourself that! Now!
Pinkie Pie: Surprise attack!
Fluttershy: Fly, my pretties!
Twilight Sparkle: You can attack us and we may fall. But Equestria will still stand, united in friendship. And we won't stop until we defeat you, no matter how many ponies you take down!
Twilight Sparkle: Aah!
Twilight Sparkle: Huh?
Rarity: Go, Twilight! Get help!
Applejack: We'll hold 'em 'til you get back!
Twilight Sparkle: No! I can't leave you here!
Fluttershy: It's our only chance!
Rainbow Dash: You'll come up with something to save the day!
----
Twilight Sparkle: You've been setting up challenges for us the whole time, haven't you?
Twilight Sparkle: The ultimate battle for the fate of Equestria is coming!
Applejack: We'll hold 'em 'til you get back!
Fluttershy: This is really bad.
----
Twilight Sparkle: You're here?! I was so worried! Where are the princesses?
Pinkie Pie: They put up a crazy fight so we could escape and find you! Mission accomplished! Now let's save Equestria! Whoo-hoo-hoo-hoo! Yeah!
Twilight Sparkle: They made a terrible mistake. You all did. From the second I got away, I've been searching every book, scroll, and spell for a way to rescue you and stop Chrysalis, Tirek, and Cozy, but I haven't found anything. I failed.
Spike: You'll come up with something. We can't save Equestria without you.
Twilight Sparkle: You all escaped without my help. You didn't need me then. So why would anypony need me now?
Rainbow Dash: We know things look bad, but we've been in tough spots before, and we always—
Twilight Sparkle: Look around! Nothing we've ever done has mattered! Sombra? Returned and destroyed the Tree of Harmony! Chrysalis, Tirek, Cozy Glow? Returned and more powerful than ever! The School of Friendship? Shut down! Everypony in Equestria is so blinded by fear, they can't remember what friendship is! Nothing we do makes any difference!
Pinkie Pie: But we're still free and together.
Rainbow Dash: And it's not like things can get any worse.
----
Twilight Sparkle: I've already done enough.
Applejack: You want the truth, Twilight? Bad things happen. No matter what you do, there's never gonna be a time when everything's perfect. But that don't mean you quit tryin'!
Twilight Sparkle: What if I make things worse?! Ever since Celestia told me I was taking over, I've been gaining confidence. Then I find out it's all a lie. Equestria's been falling apart around us, and I didn't even notice! What kind of princess does that make me? I'm scared.
Fluttershy: I probably know more about being scared than anypony. But thanks to all of you, I've learned I'm always less scared when I'm with my friends.
Rainbow Dash: If we're facing impossible odds, we're facing them together!
----
Twilight Sparkle: But we're on our own, and we have no idea what to do!
Pinkie Pie: That's true pretty much every time something terrible is about to happen.
Twilight Sparkle: We don't have the Elements of Harmony anymore. How can you all be so calm about this?
Spike: Because, even if you don't believe you can do this, we do. We believe in you. In us.
Applejack: The truth is, all our lives wouldn't be the same if we hadn't met. We're better off because of our friendship with you. So when you say you haven't made a difference, that's just not true. You've made a big difference to us.
Twilight Sparkle: Thank you. Sometimes even the Princess of Friendship needs a reminder that there's more to the Magic of Friendship than rainbow lasers.
Spike: Although that part is pretty cool.
Twilight Sparkle: We still need a plan.
Princess Cadance: That sounds like the pony I used to foal-sit for. Count us in.
Twilight Sparkle: No. You need to stay here and protect Flurry Heart. If we don't... If things don't work out, she's Equestria's last hope. Okay. Three of our worst villains have taken over, powered up by ancient magic. Everypony in Equestria is so scared and divided that the windigos are circling. And it's up to us to fix it all.
Pinkie Pie: What are we gonna do, Twilight?!
Twilight Sparkle: The same thing we do every time, Pinkie. Try to save the world!
Spike: You think they know we're here?
Applejack: I'd say they have an idea.
Twilight Sparkle: That bell has Discord, Celestia, and Luna's magic inside. If they use it against us—
Fluttershy: Discord's magic is so chaotic, he's the only one who can use it.
Twilight Sparkle: You can't beat us if we never give up! As long as I have my friends by my side, I'll put my faith in friendship—
Twilight Sparkle: We need to get that bell and get Discord and the princesses their magic back. Rainbow Dash, Pinkie, you're with me.
Rainbow Dash: Sweet! I'll grab that bell in ten second—!
Twilight Sparkle: No. We're the distraction. They're gonna get the bell.
Pinkie Pie: Step right up, evil fillies and gentlevillains! Try your luck!
Pinkie Pie: Missed me!
----
Twilight Sparkle: Please! Don't hurt him!
Spike: Don't worry about me! Just save—!
Rainbow Dash: No matter what, we face it together!
----
Twilight Sparkle: It's not me!
Twilight Sparkle: I don't understand. How are you all here?
Applejack: How 'bout that? It's just like you said the day we opened that school.
Spike: The more creatures who know about friendship, the safer we'll be.
----
Twilight Sparkle: ENOUGH! Because of you, I almost lost my way! But everycreature here has reminded me of the true power of friendship! There will always be darkness in the world, but there will also always be those who find the light! The Pillars knew this! That's why they created the Elements of Harmony! The Elements showed me and my friends how strong our friendship could be! Together we worked to bring harmony to Equestria! But there will always be more to do! Which is why we teach others about the Magic of Friendship! Others who will continue our mission after we are gone! Now I truly understand! The Elements were just symbols! The real magic has always been right here! And the more who understand how powerful friendship is, the stronger we will all be! Together!
Spike: Chocolate rain?
Twilight Sparkle: Pinkie! You took Discord's magic from the bell?! How do you feel?
Pinkie Pie: Hmmm... Tingly. Itchy. Also like...
Pinkie Pie: <span style="text-transform:uppercase;">i could transform the cosmos so everything is made of icing!</span>
----
Twilight Sparkle: You know what? I think I am.
Applejack: Thank goodness. First question, your Highness. What do we do with all these creatures?
Pinkie Pie: We're gonna need a lot more chairs for the coronation!
Twilight Sparkle: Actually, as ruler of Equestria, I'd like to postpone the coronation for a while. At least until the castle's rebuilt. Besides, there's something we need to do first.
Rarity: Post-apocalyptic donuts. Interesting choice.
Twilight Sparkle: I know. But there's gonna be plenty of time for all the challenges and struggles and adventures to come. For now, I just want to spend a quiet moment with the six best friends I've ever had.
Applejack: Well, mostly quiet.
Pinkie Pie: Mmmm!
----
Twilight Sparkle: All I know is whatever comes next is going to be perfect.
Spike: How do you know that?
Twilight Sparkle: With you guys by my side, how could it not?
Spike: Twilight? Uh, I'm pretty sure that's everything.
Twilight Sparkle: I'm just doing a final check, Spike.
Spike: But we did a final check. Of every room. Twice.
Twilight Sparkle: Ah-ha! See? An issue of Power Ponies. Now, aren't you glad we triple-checked?
Spike: Thanks, but I already read this one. I don't need to take it to Canterlot.
Twilight Sparkle: No-no-no! You love Power Ponies. We're taking it.
Spike: Really, Twilight, we don't have to bring the comic. I'm not even sure how much longer I'll collect them. A lot is changing, and I am getting older.
Twilight Sparkle: Just because things change doesn't mean you leave everything you love behind!
Spike: You're not still worried about ruling Equestria, are you?
Twilight Sparkle: No. I know it took some time, but I've never been more ready for anything in my life. Just because I'm ready to sit on the throne in Canterlot, doesn't mean I'm ready to leave Ponyville. When we were all fighting to save Equestria from Tirek, Chrysalis, and Cozy Glow, I was too busy to think about it. But now it's all happening at once.
Spike: What is?
Twilight Sparkle: The coronation. Moving. Leaving our friends.
Spike: I thought we'd all be ruling Equestria together.
Twilight Sparkle: Of course we will, but it won't be the same. They all have lives here. We're moving away and they're not, and I can't help but feel like we're leaving them behind. What if we all just drift apart?
Spike: I guess I hadn't thought about it like that. Maybe you should talk to them. I bet they're feeling the same way.
Twilight Sparkle: You're right, Spike. Thanks. Sometimes talking to a good friend is all it takes.
Twilight Sparkle: So, you're not worried about how things might change with me living in Canterlot?
Applejack: Of course not. Change is natural, like the seasons. That's just life on the farm.
Twilight Sparkle: I guess so.
Applejack: Anyhoo, I really need to get all these boxes packed and sorted. There's a lot more work now that the folks beyond Equestria are comin' to the coronation, too.
Pinkie Pie: Worried? Pfft! No way! Unless you're talking about the coronation, because then yes. Obviously the cakes are handled, but there's the whole rest of the party to stay on top of. And honestly, I'm not convinced Gummy really took care of the fireworks.
Twilight Sparkle: But what about after the coronation? Don't you think things are gonna be different?
Pinkie Pie: Well, since I'll be in charge of all the Canterlot galas from now on, I'll have to go there a lot more. So I guess that's different, but I don't think I mind.
Twilight Sparkle: No. Of course not.
Fluttershy: Wonderful work, everyone! We couldn't be more ready. Josephine, if you and the rest of the doves leave now, we should all arrive in Canterlot at the same time.
Fluttershy: Eloise and Hubert, you should go, too. I know it's a long way, but don't worry. I'll bring plenty of snacks to restore your energy before we perform.
----
Twilight Sparkle: Yeah. Me, neither.
Rainbow Dash: In three, two, one, and...
Rainbow Dash: Of course! And I know we can pull it off! Sorry, Twilight. I don't have time to talk. We've got a lot more work to do before the coronation.
----
Twilight Sparkle: I don't think the Power Ponies care, Spike. Just like all of our friends.
Applejack: All right, Twilight. Are you ready? We all wanted to see you off, but there's still a lot to do.
Spike: Aren't you coming on the train?
----
Twilight Sparkle: Well, I'll be living in Canterlot alone. Might as well take the train alone, too. Bye, I guess.
Rarity: Oh, you won't be traveling alone, darling. I'll have just enough time on the train to weave the star spider sash for your gown. But we should leave now. There's no time to dawdle if you want the coronation to be perfect.
Twilight Sparkle: That's the problem! You're all so worried about making my coronation perfect, but I'm leaving Ponyville and none of you even care!
Applejack: Of course we care that you're movin', Twilight.
Fluttershy: I can't believe you'd think we don't.
----
Twilight Sparkle: I tried to talk to you all about how I was feeling, but you seemed more worried about what you had to do for the coronation.
Spike: It's true. I was there.
Rarity: I suppose it gave us something else to focus on.
----
Twilight Sparkle: Before I moved to Ponyville, I didn't really know what friendship was. You've all taught me so much. I can't believe it all might be ending. But when I imagine the future, all I can think about is that we won't be together! I'm literally moving away from you, and it's terrifying!
Fluttershy: I'm scared, too.
Pinkie Pie: Me, too.
----
Twilight Sparkle: I know it's weird, but knowing you're all are as upset as I am actually makes me less worried.
Spike: That's nice, but you should be more worried about missing the train to Canterlot!
Starlight Glimmer: Sorry, I'm so late. I actually thought I'd missed you—
----
Twilight Sparkle: Oh, no! We missed it! But maybe...
Twilight Sparkle: Okay. We're on the train. Everything should be fine, right?
Rarity: I'd worked out exactly how much time I needed to weave my star spider sash, and now I'm behind!
Applejack: I hope Big Mac can figure out who gets what deliveries on his own.
----
Twilight Sparkle: Well, it could always be worse.
Princess Luna: Goodness, Twilight. Are you all right?
Twilight Sparkle: My friends and I had a few hiccups on the way. But everything's fine now.
Princess Celestia: We really are both just so proud of you. If you need a moment, that's all right. It is your coronation.
Princess Luna: Although it would be nice to get started. Are you ready?
----
Twilight Sparkle: Sorry.
Princess Luna: Um, Twilight?
Fluttershy: Oh, dear. I know these aren't the snacks I promised, but it's all I could find.
----
Twilight Sparkle: Aah!
Applejack: To Twilight!
Princess Luna: Hmm. Close enough.
----
Twilight Sparkle: That was something.
Starlight Glimmer: I was just about to say the same thing. I know maybe it wasn't the coronation you planned, but it's good to see all of you laughing.
Spike: We wanted to give this to you before you left Ponyville, but things got a little hectic.
----
Twilight Sparkle: Awww.
Pinkie Pie: It's a book of memories.
Applejack: And we all chipped in some.
----
Twilight Sparkle: I love it. Thank you so much. But I don't want to only look back. Obviously the coronation wasn't perfect, but that doesn't matter. It's our relationships that really count, and we have to maintain them.
Rarity: But now that we'll be living in different places, I'm not exactly sure how.
Twilight Sparkle: I am. I suggest we meet once a moon. In fact, my first royal decree as ruler of Equestria is to establish this Council of Friendship!
Princess Celestia: And what a wonderful decree it is!
Princess Luna: We always knew that whatever adversity you faced, you and your friends would find your way through it together.
----
Twilight Sparkle: You're leaving?
Princess Luna: We hope you'll come and visit us in Silver Shoals.
Princess Celestia: But now it's time for you to rule on your own. You're all more than capable.
Twilight Sparkle: Thank you. For everything. Mmmm!